https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-town-hall-37-the-oversight-boar… >> TRACY MANNERS: Great. Welcome, everybody, to today's session: The Oversight Board, one year on. Lessons in online content moderation. Today we'll be discussing digital rights, self‑regulation, and sharing learnings from the Oversight Board, one year since it began, reviewing content moderation decisions made by Meta on Facebook and Instagram. The Oversight Board consists of three interlocking elements: The Board, the Trust, and the Administration. Each play a critical role in ensuring the success of the Oversight Board. Today I'm very pleased to say we have representatives of each joining us on the panel. Thomas Hughes, Director of the Oversight Board Administration. Afia Asare‑Kyei, Oversight Board member and Cherine Chalaby. I am Tracy Manners, and I work across global communications and engagement. Throughout the session, audience members are welcome to submit questions, which will be compiled and answered at the end. We'll talk through the Board, the decisions taken so far, and what lies ahead for social media regulation. The first part of the discussion will look at the challenges of building the Board, and for that I'll turn to Thomas first. Firstly, for those who may be less familiar with the Board's work, could you summarize its role and its work to date? >> THOMAS HUGHES: Tracy, thank you. And likewise, it's a pleasure to be here today, and thank you to those who are joining us. So the Oversight Board is the first of its kind, an independent self‑regulatory model set up by Meta to act as a final check on the content moderation decisions that the company takes on Facebook and Instagram so just those two platforms. Users can appeal to the Board directly if they believe Meta got their decision wrong in relation to their content, or if they see a piece of content they think should be taken down, and Meta can also refer cases to us or ask for guidance on a particular policy area as well. The Board applies a global human rights framework to all of its decisions looking at Meta's community standards and values stated on its website, and seeking to understand how those align with global human rights standards. We currently have 20 Board members who come from a diverse range of backgrounds and professions from journalism to politics and academia and human rights advocacy. And our decision makers and those Board members are the decision makers are intentionally global. They speak 29 languages approximately and have lived in 27 countries between them and they were all selected because they have a proven track record in advancing freedom of expression and other human rights. The Board selected its first cases in December last year almost exactly a year ago today, and since then, we've accepted 23 cases, and issued 17 decisions. In 12 of those cases, the Board has overturned the original decision that Facebook took. These cases are globally diverse, with more than half coming from Latin America and Asia and Africa, and the Board's decisions in upholding or reversing Meta's content decisions are binding on Facebook and Instagram. So the decision has to be implemented, and in all decisions, all cases, has been implemented. As mentioned, additionally, the Board offers policy guidance that Meta must consider and respond to publicly, and again, the implementation rate is well over half, with only a very small number having been rejected, and the rest still under assessment. This means the Board's decisions are not limited only to specific pieces of contented or specific cases, because a policy recommendation could lead a much broader change in Meta's conduct and many of these deal with some of the most complicated questions of content med ration and do so hopefully in a transparent manner that allows increased public scrutiny, as well. >> TRACY MANNERS: Thank you, Thomas. You joined the Board in January 2020, before it began receiving cases, when there 