https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2020-of-50-technology-and-governance-%E… >> MODERATOR: Welcome, everyone, to the End Violence Open Forum. We are excited so many people are interested in extremely important topic and I hope more will get on board as we are starting the session. Today we will be speaking about technology and governance, and how they shape our ability to keep children safe online. So why are we speaking about this issue? As you know, every half a second, a child makes their first click online. In fact, one in three Internet users worldwide are children. And this number is only going to get higher as we are connecting the unconnected parts of the world. And now couple those figures with the fact that in every single moment there is an estimated 750,000 predators who are looking to sexually exploit and abuse children online and the fact that technology is rarely developed and designed with children's safety in mind, and you will begin to get a picture of the risks and threats children face. One of the unforeseen consequences of the rise of the Internet and digital technologies has been an exponential growth in child online sexual exploitation and abuse. But not only, the way the digital platforms are designed and the way in which they incentivize user interactions are creating more opportunities and risks for children and their safety to go beyond online abuse and create multiple vulnerabilities that can be exploited. You will get to hear about these aspects through the session today. My name is Marija Manojlovic, and I lead the Safe Online team. For those of you who don't know us yet, the global partnership was launched by the UN Secretary‑General in 2016 with the goal to catalyze and support. We are also the only global entity making targeted investments to tackle online sexual exploitation and abuse. This year our work has reached a milestone. We have invested $50 million in programmes and cutting edge technology tools in over 70 countries, focused on tackling online child sexual exploitation and abuse. What makes the job exciting is the fact that we get to support and collaborate with organisations that are doing ground‑breaking work to keep children safe, some of whom are with you here today. So without further delay, let me introduce our panelists. I will not attempt to summarize bios and achievements because that will get us to the end of the event. Today with us we have Signy Arnason, who is Associate Executive Director of Canadian Center for Child Protection. Emilio Puccio, coordinator of the European Parliament Intergroup on Children's Rights. We have Beeban Kidron, founder and Chair of 5Rights Foundation, and John Tanagho, Director of the Center to End Online Sexual Exploitation of Children from the International Justice Mission in the Philippines. A few words of housekeeping, as you know, the session will last 60 minutes. And we will have one round of questions to the panelists who will take four to five minutes to respond, and then open the floor for questions. Please leave your questions in the Q and A window, and not in the chat. So please use the Q and A window for your questions to the panelists and we will monitor those throughout the session and please indicate to who you want the question to be directed, or do you want us to ask the same question to all the panelists. My colleague, will be supporting us in taking notes of the session and monitoring the Q and A chat box. Feel free to Tweet at us and use social media. Our Twitter handle is GP to end violence. And safe online, and you will see them written in the chat box. So I will now open the session and start asking the questions to the panelists, and I am looking forward to the questions that will come from you as soon as we are done. So let's start with Signy Arnason. Signy, you have been with the Canadian Center for Child Protection for almost two decades and you have played a critical role in starting the tip line for reporting the 