https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2019-of-44-disinformation-online-reduci… >> MODERATOR: If I can kindly ask you to take your seats, we will begin in a minute. Okay. If you would allow me to begin, good afternoon, and welcome to the panel on disinformation online, reducing harm, protecting rights. I'm very happy to see so many of you, despite the lunch break has just started. We have three brilliant speakers here. And they are actually sitting in the alphabetical order, so we have Damian Tambini expert in media and communication regulation at London School of Economics. We have Miranda Sissons from Facebook, where she is the new Director of human rights. And we have senior expert from NATO Stratcomms Center of Excellence, Sebastian Bay. And we have two main topics that we would like to address during this panel. Oh, I should actually introduce myself as well. My name is Jakub Kalensky. I work in the Atlantic Council. Previously, I worked for the European Union. I have been covering Russian disinformation campaigns in both of the capacities. We have two main topics for this panel. The first is what are the emerging challenges and approaches to tackle in disinformation and the second topic would be what have we done so far, and what else do we need to do? The way we will do this, I will have two rounds of questions for the panelists, I will give them five minutes each for their answers, and I hope we will have 15, 20 minutes for questions from the audience. So please prepare your questions for this final part. And since this panel is so short, just 60 Minutes, list us kickoff. Damian, please tell us, what do you see as the emerging challenges in countering disinformation. The emerging threats, what keeps you awake at night, as they say? >> DAMIAN TAMBINI: I think one of the key challenges as we approach disinformation is to be absolutely clear that it is a very different problem in democracy to nondemocracies. So everything I have to say today will be about how democracies deal with this particularly difficult problem. And what I think my main difference is get away from the whack a mole approach. And disinformation comes up along with problems of other undesirable content, the regulatory desire is to block it, stop it, and move on to the next problem. I believe the intellectual change we need to make is think about it systematically. Systemically. And then the problem is rather, how in democracies have we evolved media systems that were optimized for truth and trust over the past previous centuries? And my argument is really that in democracies, we have a number of positive interventions. We have institutions which have evolved and we have a particular approach to freedom of expression in particular. So this very interesting period that we're living, particularly in Europe, but also in other democracies, where we're trying to evolve new regulatory frameworks for tech platforms, for the various choke points and gatekeepers on the Internet. This interesting period is replaying things with a deeper history. Some specific things about what's happening right now in terms of policy. Behind all this, I think philosophically, the reason we're having such a deep profound and prolonged debate about disinformation is because it is such a problem for democracies. The three particular arguments for free speech are that the embodiment of truth from democracy and from self‑expression. For various reasons we don't have time to go into the problem of disinformation poses deep problems for all. As a result, legally, constitutionally in the way that laws on free expression are constructed, there are new justifiable restrictions for free speech. On the basis of national security and other justifiable ways of restricting free speech in terms of the U.N. system under the universal declaration on human rights and universal convention on human rights. There are clearly and constitutionally in human rights terms, justifiable restrictions. So what