https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2022-dc-environment-internet-the-env… >> JENNIFER CHUNG: For our session, just making sure we have all of our panelists and co‑chairs online and making sure that the captioner can hear what we're saying in room and same with the Zoom. Okay, I see that there is some captioning going on, so that's correct. Okay. I see Rainer Krug online as well and Flurina. Perfect! So, I think we're good to start. Okay. Hello, everyone. My name is Jennifer Chung. I have many, many hats, and this hat I have on for today is the moderator for this session, and this is the session for the Dynamic Coalition on Environment. We're really happy to have a really full agenda for you. We have community presentations. We have an address from our Co‑Chair, Rainer Krug, and we also have Flurina Waspi, who was the lead for the Policy Network on Environment, give us a little bit more of the history of the Policy Network and then the subsequent transition of this work into the Dynamic Coalition. After presentations from the community members, we will have feedback as well as impressions from other Dynamic Coalitions on what they are looking at, their work in conjunction with our work at the Dynamic Coalition on Environment. And then, finally, we'll have an open floor where, of course, members of the floor and also online, will be able to ask us any questions, any comments, any, you know, suggestions and concerns you have for the work that the Dynamic Coalition is doing. I am suddenly not in Zoom anymore. I will assume that everybody else is still in Zoom, that, somehow, I have dropped, but that doesn't matter. I would like to actually give the floor right now to Flurina Waspi, the Policy Network Lead on Environment. Flurina, if you would like to take the floor to give us background on the Policy Network and its work and the subsequent, I guess, transition to the DC ? The floor is yours. >> FLURINA WASPI: Hi, everyone. Can you hear me? Great. I'll quickly share my screen, if that's okay. I have a little presentation that I would like to share with you. So, let me just set this up. And yeah. So, hi, everyone. Nice to meet you, see some of you again. So, I was invited just to give a little bit of background or a little bit of some information about what happened with the PNE in 2021. So, last year ‑‑ so, I'm happy to do that and answer any questions you might have. I don't want to take too long because I think you have a full session that will take place. The Policy Network was founded in 2021 ‑‑ or actually, 2020 ‑‑ following the first environmental session or the session about the environment at the IGF in 2020. And because there were just people, or there was this feeling that this topic was interesting to many people, and so it would be a good idea to start a policy network to connect people, to have a concrete output to go on. And so, the plan was this, as you see with this visual. So, the idea was to have a Policy Network, which should fulfill several functions. One of them, the main one that I'm going to talk about, is this report. So, we had a concrete goal starting, going into this mandate that I had for the PNE, for the IGF last year. I started this in, I believe March or April, so that's when we got kind of the first group together. It started out with a group of experts and a bit of a loose network already that was alerted to this Policy Network and invited to join the work on the report. In the beginning, or from the beginning, the idea of this report was to formulate concrete, actionable policy recommendations on how we could achieve some kind of global action in this kind of intersection between the environment and digitization, so the idea of sustainable digitalization ‑‑ how can we get there, what do we have to do, and what are the different aspects of this topic. So, it's kind of laid the groundwork. This is a bit of an overview of what happened with the PNE. So, we've had over 65 meetings, so quite a lo