https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-open-forum-13-christchurch-call… >> We all live in a digital world. We all need it to be open and safe. We all want to be trust. >> And to be trusted. >> We all despise control. >> And desire freedom. >> We are all united. >> DAVID GREENE: Welcome, everybody, to our ‑‑ to this session. This is a session regarding multistakeholder initiatives such as Christchurch Call and the GIFCT, and we're happy to be here. I believe this is the first time either of these groups has made an appearance at IGF , and we really welcome being involved in this as well. So just very briefly, my name's David Greene, I'm the Civil Liberties Director at Electronic Frontier Foundation, and I am a member of the Christchurch Call Advisory Network as well as some of the GIFCT working groups. And we'll talk more about what these bodies are as we go along and how they're working and also most importantly what we've learned as we've been trying to get these efforts rolling and effective. So basically both of these bodies are opportunities to give stakeholders a chance to ask questions of each other and offer their own views, really trying to get some common understanding and identify some shared values and shared goals. And also I think really track how these efforts evolve as they go along. We have speakers today representing the NGO sector, Civil Society. We have the community ‑‑ representing the community sector, governments. Governments of Ghana and New Zealand are represented today as well as the tech companies. Facebook is represented on this panel. I do want to note that Dina Hussein from Facebook will be our online moderator and will help manage the Q&A from the online questions through the chat, and then I will be the in‑person moderator. If anyone in the room would like to ask a question, I'd just invite you to come to the table and do so, and I will include you in the discussion. And then Jordan Carter from Internet NZ will be our rapporteur, and we'll do a summary at the end of the session that will form our – go over the conclusions of our session. So with that in mind, and I think our main goal is to keep everyone on time and make sure that we stay on schedule. So with that in mind, I am going to keep the schedule and start presentations. I'm going to ask each presenter to just introduce themselves briefly at the beginning mostly to save me the burden of having to do that. So we're going to start with Paul Ash. >> PAUL ASH: Thanks, David. (Speaking non‑English language). Hello, everyone. Thanks for being here today for this discussion on the Christchurch Call on the Global Internet Forum to counterterrorism. My name's Paul Ash. I'm the Prime Minister’s Special Representative of Cyber and Digital and the Christchurch Call Coordinator back here in New Zealand. I’ve worked on the Christchurch Call since its inception and been really pleased both to work with the people on this session and get to know them well and become friends with them and build the sort of confidence needed to make multistakeholderism work. Both of the initiatives we're covering today are really interesting examples of collective action to solve a shared problem on the Internet, and both have interesting stories to tell when it comes to our shared vision for this IGF and Internet United, where shared needs and actions shape the future of the Internet as a force for the collective good. Fellow panelists, Erin, Anjum, and Dina have all had significant experience both with the Call and at the Global Internet Forum to counterterrorism from a range of perspectives. Special thanks from me as we kick off go to Courtney Radsch who helped pull together this session and unfortunately couldn't be here at the last minute because of MAG obligations and to David Greene for stepping in at the last minute when Courtney’s duties required her to be elsewhere. I'll focus my 5 minutes on setting the scene on the Christchurch Call, if I may. Many of 