https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-emerging-technologies >> OLGA CAVALLI: Hello. Good morning. Bonjour. Good morning. We will start in -- if I see that clock over there -- in three or four minutes. Thank you very much for being with us this morning in this first main session of the 13th IGF here in beautiful Paris. My name is Olga Cavalli. I come from Argentina, and I am the academic director of the South School of Governance, and my dear colleague, Vladimir Radunovic, will be collaborating this session with all of you, and we have a beautiful group of panelists that I will introduce in some minutes. Let's take in mind, if you want to take the floor, you have to press a button. Maybe can you test it now. It's a button to the right of the mic. It turns on the red light. When it's on -- so if you want to take the floor when we have time, the idea is to make this session really interactive, to have input from our distinguished panelists, input from you, from the audience, so don't be shy, share your thoughts and ideas with us. Also, let's have in mind that we have one hour and 20 minutes for this session, but we have been told that we have to leave the room five minutes before, so I know that the dialogue will be very active and interesting, but there will be a time that we have to wrap up. Also, we have remote participation. We have our remote moderators that will let us know if we have some inputs or comments from remote, so we will start in two minutes. Thank you very much. Okay. Okay. It's 10:00 a.m. sharp, so let's start our main session. As I said, for those coming into the room, my name is Olga Cavalli. I come from Argentina, and my dear colleague, Vladimir Radunovic, will be co-moderating this main session with me, which is about emerging technologies, which are changing our lives. When we say the concept of emerging technologies, we may think about many things, artificial intelligence, machine learning, costs of them themselves, and new jobs made by robots, not by us, threatening our jobs, what will happen with our professions in the future, what will happen with mobile telephony, how we will change our lives, how our homes will change with all this technology and stuff everywhere, so the idea is to shape this dialogue with our distinguished panelists and you in to some questions that we have prepared basically on a concept of transparency, ethics, and security, and before starting, I would like to introduce our panelists. Thank you very much for being with us, and also thank you very much for the organizers of the session that invited Vladimir and myself to be co-moderating. It's a big honor for us. So here on my left, I have distinguished panelist David Redl, assistant secretary of communications and informations and administrator of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration of the United States Department of Commerce. Welcome, David. Layla El Asri. She's Microsoft research manager. She's from Canada. Satish Babu. Welcome, Satish and welcome Layla. He is the chair of the APRALO and ICANN, and he comes from India. My dear friend Maarten Botterman. He's the chair of the Dynamic Coalition of Internet of Things, and he's a member of the ICANN Board, and he lives in the Netherlands; right? And Lorena Jaume-Palasi. Lorena. She is the founder of the NGO Ethical Tech Society, and she's based in Berlin right now, but she's from Spain; right? Thank you very much for being with us this morning, and I will give the floor to my dear friend Vladimir that will introduce some new dynamics for you share your ideas with us. >> VLADIMIR RADUNOVIC: Thank you, Olga. Good morning to everyone. Welcome. As Olga said, we need dynamics at this panel because these are the emerging topics or the emerging topic at the IGF . We just discussed in the -- before the session that actually last year we didn't have that much discussion on AI and all these things. It's popping up, so we need your inputs on that one. We don't