https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-ws-366-proliferation-cyber-stabili… >> FREDERICK DOUZET: All right, we're going to get started. Thank you very much for coming and I would first -- so we're -- this is the panel on Proliferation, Cyber Stability and State Responsibility. I would first like to apologize for a change in speakers because a speaker had another panel scheduled almost at the same time as the Paris Peace Forum. So she couldn't be in both places. And David Singer had last-minute difficulties, and, of course, this all happened on Thursday night. So, I would like to give special thanks to Bill Woodcock and JoAnn Kulesza for being on the panel as planned and I would like to thank our panel savers, Bruce McConnell, and Chris Painter. We even managed to preserve diversity which was quite a challenge on Friday. And I would like to thank my on-line moderator, Dr. Alex Deforge and we apparently cannot connect to the on-line moderator. So, we're happy we're here so we can have a discussion. Our panel will address the impact of cyber arms, proliferation on cyber stability, but also examine the ethical and legal responsibilities of states in ensuring cyber stability. And it will also point to solutions to promote cyber stability and discuss the cold to protect the public core of the internet that was recently proposed by the global commission and stability of cyberspace. But also, our norms that have been proposed by the global commission which will actually be discussed in great details in our panel at 1:30. But some of them address the issues of proliferation and cyber stability as well and they all address the issue of cyber stability. So we will unveil them as well then and just some of them. So, the reason why we set up this panel is because we all believed that the stability of cyberspace is at risk and according to what Bruce told me yesterday, we think it will get worse before it gets better. And, of course, there are many flows and vulnerabilities in the technology that underpins the global internet. But they're also in a malicious actors and other actors with capabilities that create these conditions of instability. And that includes states who are probably those who build the most dangerous and sophisticated tools, which puts the benefits of cyberspace and the future of a digital economy in our societies in jeopardy. We recently had a few wakeup calls, the attacks in 2016, the attacks that were really telling moments. And they showed that the rapid and traumatic propagation of malware created a systemic risk to which our companies and our societies are all exposed. And, of course, the destructive malware used eternal blue tool which is -- was developed by the NSA and exploited. A Microsoft vulnerability and then it was stolen and made publicly available. So, we really have a diffusion problem around malware and in addition to other non-state actors' malwares and that's raised issues of accountability and liability. So, it raises also the issue of who is ultimately responsible for the security and stability of cyberspace and, of course, it will be those who steal tools from government and use them and, of course, these are to blame, but that also raises the question of what is the responsibility of the states. And I think the attacks reveal the cybersecurity dilemma we're encountering when dealing with offensive actions in cyberspace. We recognize the cyberthreats as a new security challenge that creates a systemic risk. Because these threats are highly complex and transferred here. They can have a massive impact and they're hard to start -- to stop as we can see. So, it's of everyone's interest to stop the contagion that could be disastrous. That pulls us to greater international cooperation, international regulation, information sharing, and decreasing the number of tools. But on the other hand, we are seeing that the cyber capabilities are also used as a tool by nations and non-state actors to maintain or