>> MODERATOR: Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to today's lightning talk. Thank you so much for being here. We know it's really busy time at the IGF . My name is Rose. I'm policy advisor for digital, culture media and sport focused on internet governance. I will be serving as the physical moderator. My colleague Marik will be serving as online moderator. We've planned a significant block of time for audience questions and participation in today's session. So please do feel free to use the online chat and raise hands virtually and in the room, of course, and we'll work to get to as many people as possible. Nigel and Jennifer will be speaking with us about the topic of this talk which is the WSIS plus 20 review process. And first Nigel and Jennifer, please be able to introduce yourselves. >> NIGEL: Microphone. Delightful to be here. I work for UK government on internet governance issues. >> JENNIFER: Hi, everyone. A many the director of corporate knowledge for dot Asia organization. We are the secretariat for AG Pacific IGF . >> ROSALIND KENNYBIRCH: I wanted to provide context on what the world summit on the WSIS review process is. In 2005, governments agreed to a number of outcome documents including the agenda which legitimized global internet governance being conducted through a multi-Stakeholder model. In December 2015, as part of the first outcomes review, WSIS plus 10, member states agreed on a resolution reaffirming the initial WSIS vision of a people centered inclusive and development-oriented information society where everyone can create access utilized and share information and knowledge. The next review process agreed in the former resolution is scheduled for 2025 and we call this WSIS plus 20. The 2025 review of the world summit on the information society process is therefore a critical opportunity to renew support for multi-Stakeholder governance of the internet to endorse and where appropriate evolve the WSIS action lines and ensure the UNIGS continuation is a vital forum for facilitating dialogue on internet related issues. Strengthening consensus around the Stakeholder model can support the continued effectiveness of the internet governance. As the review approaches, it is critical a diverse range of Stakeholders including youth, women and those from developing geographic regions are fully included in discussions on the future of the internet. The talk will explore how the review process can contribute to our shared aim at using the internet to connect all people ensuring access to information and knowledge for all. In particular, our speakers will focus on the following questions today: How can we reaffirm and strengthen the multi Stakeholder model as part of the WSIS plus 20 review process? How can we ensure the review process itself embraces multi-Stakeholder participation and what role the IGF has in facilitating this? And how can we use WSIS plus 20 to set new goals in order to ensure public access to information and fundamental freedoms on the internet. I will hand over to Nigel to start us off and we'll follow with Jennifer. Thank you. >> NIGEL: Thank you. Please sit down. You are very welcome. There's just enough chairs. Thank you very much for coming today and thank you for those attending online. Rose, thank you very much for that introduction. That's really great. I'm sorry for this rather old space we've got this session in. We can cope, as they say. Ros set the scene for what we're going to cover today. And I've often reflected on the WSIS review process. Having been through the process, there's always a question of where you find the starting gum. When do you start a process? To an extent, the process started very soon after the phase of the world summit on the informational society. Most of you are too young probably to remember 2003 and 2005. You might remember it in another context. But the WSIS process started after the second phase of the world summit informational society. So the WSIS process