In the latest episode of the Future Knowledge podcast , “ Preserving the Web in the Age of AI ,” Wayback Machine director Mark Graham , tech policy expert Mike Masnick , and media lawyer Kendra Albert discuss the reports that some news publishers are blocking the Wayback Machine from archiving their websites due to unfounded concerns over AI scraping. For Graham , it’s an issue of supporting journalism and the historical record. The Wayback Machine has become “collateral damage caught up in the conflict between AI companies and publishers.” As Graham recounts encounters with reporters and researchers, a clear pattern emerges: even the most well-resourced institutions cannot fully preserve their own digital history. The Wayback Machine has become an indispensable backstop, ensuring that the public record remains accessible even when original sources disappear. “I was in the offices of The New York Times just a few weeks ago,” said Graham, noting that The New York Times has blocked the Wayback Machine from archiving its website, “and a senior researcher came up to me and said, ‘Oh my God, Mark, thank you so much for the Wayback Machine. We use you all the time. There is material available that we’ve used from the Wayback Machine that we can’t even find in our own archives.’ I get those stories all the time.” For Masnick , blocking the Wayback Machine “will be seen as a huge mistake by those media organizations, an overreaction to a problem that probably isn’t really a problem.” When considering blocking all bot activity over fears of AI scraping, Albert cautions that websites, “whether they’re news publishers or not, should be careful about the degree to which we throw the baby out with the bathwater and say, ‘Well, actually some of these entities are behaving badly or doing things that we don’t like with our content, whether they’re titled to legally or not, and therefore we’re just going to take a broad stance across the board.'” Listen to the full episode on the Future Knowledge podcast: Full transcript: Chris Freeland (00:05): Welcome to Future Knowledge, a podcast about knowledge, creativity, and policy brought to you by the Internet Archive and Authors Alliance. (00:14): We tend to think of the web as a living archive, this vast searchable record of who we were, what we knew, and how we understood the world at any given moment in time. But that assumption is starting to crack. As publishers move to block AI scraping and restrict access to their content, the tools that quietly preserve our online history like the Internet Archives Wayback machine are getting caught in the crossfire. What started as a fight over AI training data is quickly becoming something bigger, a question about whether the web itself will be able to be archived in the future. Because if preserving the web becomes a threat, what happens to our memory when the past can’t be saved? Hi, everyone. I’m Chris Freeland. I’m a librarian at the Internet Archive. I want to welcome you to today’s discussion. So we have assembled an excellent panel of experts to discuss how efforts to limit AI access are reshaping the boundaries of preservation and what’s at stake if those boundaries continue to close. (01:17): So today we’re joined by Mike Masnick, the founder of TechDirt, Mark Graham, the director of The Wayback Machine, and Kendra Albert, a tech and media policy expert at Albert Sellers LLP. Here to introduce our speakers and to set the stage for today’s conversation is Dave Hansen, the Executive Director of Authors Alliance. Dave Hansen (01:37): Thanks, Chris. Hi, everyone. So this is a little bit different for us today. Usually we’re doing book talks, and we thought that this was such an important issue and such a fast-moving issue. No one has yet written the book on what is happening with the crisis in web archiving and preserving the web. But it’s a really important issue. Authors Alliance, from our perspective, we care about this because we’re quite fond of 