https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-dc-sids-the-pandemic-internet-e… >> MODERATOR: Hello. Welcome to your annual Dynamic Coalition on Small and Developing States round table. This is our, I can't remember if it's our fifth, but we are moving well with round tables, and I would like to welcome all of you today, those who are on site and we at least have one person on site, June, who is in Poland, and I know she is freezing in Poland. Hi, June. I'm not sure who else is onsite, but welcome whoever is in that room, and we have quite a few people online. This is the hybrid approach so everyone is being treated equally whether on site or online. Given that the majority of us are online, we may have a bias to those online. Welcome, I'm Tracy Hackshaw, I'm one of the Co‑Chairs or the coordinators of the DC SIDS. I'm joined by my colleague Maureen Hilyard, which is my co‑coordinator, Co‑Chair. Hi, Maureen. I'm going to quickly get to it. I'm going to share my screen just to show you the plan agenda if I could find it. Just let me know if you are seeing this. I have lost the screen. Are you seeing my shared screen now? I can't see it. >> MAUREEN HILYARD: Yes, we can see it. >> MODERATOR: I'm doing the welcome now, I will toss to Maureen and because our Pacific colleagues are really, it's really early for them, we will ensure that we get Pacific agenda dealt with as quickly as possible in case our colleagues fall asleep, so get them dealt with. And went we hopefully will have our Caribbean interventions. Of course, as usual, we will have our discussion on the various issues. So this is a fairly informal and unstructured approach. As you know, we normally take it like this, and based on what happens in the discussions, the reports, we are going to be dealing with issues as they come up. Without further ado, let me toss it back to Maureen, and I will stop sharing my screen and hand over to Maureen, take it away. >> MAUREEN HILYARD: Thank you so much. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening wherever you may be. It's interesting to sort of hear there are lots of online participants which is fabulous. Thank you for being with us today. My name is Maureen Hilyard. I'm from the cook islands, and I'm a former member and Chair of the board of the Pacific Islands chapter of the Internet Society, and I'm currently the Chair of the at large advisory company of ICANN and I serve on several boards and Committees related to the Internet, but particularly to do with domain names. My role, it's pretty minimal, but it's to, at this time to introduce you to the speakers that we have from the Pacific who will speak on activities we have been engaged in in the Pacific region during 2021 despite the pandemic. And very much related to, you know, our theme which is to do with the pandemic and ensuring that the Small Island Developing States aren't left behind. So without the benefit of any face‑to‑face meetings, we have been very fortunate in the Pacific Islands in that we have worked hard to maintain dialogues with each other by way of an active mailing list which ISOC members are listed to on becoming registered members of our, of our ISOC community. And one of the things we have sort of often spoken about with respect to the Dynamic Coalitions is how do we maintain contact with each other, and I think that this mailing list has enabled our members to network, but also to participate in conversations and discussions on whatever topics of interest are raised and discussed by members from across the region. This happens continually during the year. So while we have not been able to meet in person, the Internet has provided us with a means of continuing contact and dialogue between our members. And today I have with me, and I'm very, very pleased to be able to introduce some wonderful guests who are going to, who have had a significant impact on Internet development in our region., and especially during the time of the pandemic. And my first speak