https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-evolution-of-internet-governance >> MODERATOR: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm announcing that the NRI session will start in five minutes. >> MARILYN CADE: Ladies and gentlemen, we are going to get started. So, again I'm going to make a plea to you. Please move as far down front as you can. The acoustics and the lighting will be much improved for us to be able to see you. So if it's not too convenient, if some of you that are in the back don't mind, move down closer to the front. The first two rows here are reserved for the speakers, and you'll see their tent cards, but any other seat behind that, we'd love to have you move closer, and we'll get started in three minutes. My name is Marilyn Cade. I'm acting as the floor manager for the NRI session, which means I may come and solve technical problems on the floor at any point, but let me ‑‑ I'm going to turn this over to our two co‑moderators. I just want to remind everyone that this session is going to be very fast‑paced, and the speakers will be speaking for a very short, concise statements before we go to the Q and A period, and you will be able to ask questions during that period using the microphone that is in front of you, which will light up. We will be relying on being able to recognize that you have raised your hand to ask a question. So bear with us during the Q and A period to make sure we get all of your questions. When we get to that period, we'll take all of the questions at one time, and then we will allocate the responses. You will have no more than one minute to ask a question, not a statement but a question. Please make sure that you can write out your question so you can be concise and we can get to as many questions as possible. That's the logistics. I would like to turn it over to our co‑moderators, Ambassador Benedicto Fonseca and Anja Gengo. >> BENEDICTO FONSECA: Thank you, Marilyn. Let me start by welcoming you to this session and to state that it's a great honor and privilege to co‑moderate this session. Being from Brazil, we take pride in the Internet governance for the model we have adopted in Brazil back in 1995, which precedes in 10 years the World Summit Information Society recommendation that this should be the way to address Internet governance. It's a great pleasure for me. And also being from government, from the diplomatic career, I should say it has been a learning experience all those years working in a multi-stakeholder ambiance. This has convinced me of the value and the strength of the model towards making good on the promise that Internet governance brings to all of us. With those very brief words, I would like to turn to my co‑moderator to guide us through and set the stage for this session. Anja, please? >> ANJA GENGO: Thank you very much, Ambassador Fonseca. Thank you very much for joining this very important session that was prepared over the course of a couple of months by more than a hundred national, regional, and youth IGFs on a very important topic. I would also like to thank on behalf of the NRIs to the Ambassador Fonseca for giving us this honor to be with all of us today. Let us very briefly open this session with learning maybe a bit more for those that are not familiar. Who are the national, regional, and youth IGFs, as we use the acronym NRIs ? And what do they do? What is the value of the very large network? So I hope that you can see the slides that the Secretariat ‑‑ IGF Secretariat prepared. Maybe to start from the very beginning, from the origin and background of the NRIs in relation to the IGF . As you know, the IGF stems its mandate from the agenda from the paragraph 72 where there is no specific call for something that we call the National Regional and Youth IGFs. Yet, they exist. They exist as organic initiatives that spontaneously started emerging since 2006, since the beginnings of the IGF itself. The IGF Secretariat started the formal recognition process in a 