>> AUGUSTINA CALLEGARI: Good morning, everyone, welcome to the session on safety and innovation organized by the World Economic Forum. My name is Augustina Callegari. I'm digital safety lead at the World Economic Forum. I'm really pleased to have you today and I'm going to be moderating this session. Firstly, I have to say that as part of the Global Coalition for Digital Safety, we have been reflecting on the importance of safety by design because building safety into the design from the very start is a good practice, it's essential for maintaining usefulness and responsiveness of innovation. That's why we are here today to hear from various groups of ‑‑ we don't have one, we don't have two speakers. We have five speakers. So this is going to be a very interesting session. We have ‑‑ let me start by introducing our panelists. We have Jeff Collins, head of global trust and safety at Amazon Web Services. I have Renato Leite, VP of legal AI privacy and innovation at E&. We have Peter Stern, stakeholder engagement director at Meta, and Valiant Richey, global head of outreach and partnership at TikTok, and Rafaela Nicolazzi at Open AI. I know we have an hour only and many speakers. I want to start by asking each of our speakers because something that we focus when we work around safety it's on building common ground, common language. Sometimes we talk certain terms or challenges but there is no agreement what we mean by the thing that we are trying to solve. So I want to ask the panelist what safety means to each of you and what if the biggest challenge that you face when you want to turn this principle into practice? So I think that I think I can start with Tiktok then go to you. >> VALIANT RICHEY: Thanks for the government for hosting the IGF this year and for this panel and the invitation to participate. I think the topic of this is safety and innovation and I think this concept of safety from the start is something we're very committed to at TikTok. It means ensuring that safety and security are built into our products from the beginning by design. In other words, what that means is is that the product team is building thing and safety teams need to work from development to launch. Those who might be less familiar with how things happen in the world TikTok are building the search function in TikTok. The safety teams are writing the rules and enforcing those rules across and sometimes the product teams will do things without trust and safety involved and that can cause problems. What we try to do is bring them hand in hand and work together. The goal is to build responsible products that help people express themselves and builds communities. We need to focus on minimizing risk when is we do that. When we're talking about building safely and safety and innovation what does that look like in practice? What it means that T and S teams are working with our product and engineering teams to safeguard new product features and innovations as they are developed. Let me give you an example. We recently started testing a feature called AI alive which lets you turn your TikTok stories into videos. As part of the development of AI alive our T and S team built a multilayer moderation strategy to make sure that safety checks happen at each step of the way. And we added AI generated content labels and metadata into the feature so the people are actually aware that the content was created with AI. Another example of how we do this at TikTok is by really focusing on building tools and resources into the product that our community can use. That might include tools like content management or screen time management tools reporting options, account controls like being able to set your account to private and so on. Along that journey, it's hard, right? A lot of challenges. Unfortunately you're facing motivated bad actors who are ‑‑ they're really trying to misuse the product at every step and anticipating all those misuses of products is not easy. But