https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5927/1018 >>LYNN ST. AMOUR: Good afternoon. I think we'd like to call the meeting to order just now. My name is Lynn St. Amour. I'm serving as the inter governance form of the IGF mag chair. My role this afternoon is very simple and short. I am to introduce the chair of the session here, Mr. Frank Grutter who is the ambassador and head of the division for security policy, director of political affairs and director of foreign affairs for Switzerland. I will turn the meeting over to him in just a moment to chair, but I'd also like to take a moment to introduce the two mag members to organize this session on behalf of the mag , and that's Juan Alfonso Fernandez Gonzalez and Olusegun Olugbile, and they will be driving the input from all of the panelists. Thank you very much. You have the floor. >>PANELIST: I'd like to extend a warm welcome as well as all of the participants to this session. Welcome to Geneva and welcome to the IGF . It's great to have you all here, especially considering we have stiff competition by other panels taking place right now in the building. This session is somewhat like a small IGF . We have an impressive list of high level speakers from different sectors which will look at cybersecurity issues from many different viewpoints. This year, I have attended various international events where we discussed cybersecurity. Usually, these discussions have a strong participation of govermentary presentives. And with this comes a certain risk of group thing. In some settings, it is sometimes hard to think out of the box and move the page really forward and it's difficult to find practical and innovative solutions to the complex challenges we're facing in the arena of cybersecurity at the global level. So what can be useful and what is useful is to get a different perspective and of course fresh ideas and in this regard, this session is very challenging. Next to my colleagues we have representatives from the private sector, civil society, the technical community, and academia present here today. And this is in my view of the advantages of the IGF . Bringing together all stakeholders to discuss on an equal footing. And Geneva is a good place to facilitate such an exchange. It is a city where an astonishing number of effects are working on many different aspects of digitalization present. ‑‑ breaking the silos and engaging in ‑‑ and I am confident that this very diverse panel will allow for inspirational ideas and new impetus to our efforts in the global corporation cybersecurity. I am looking forward to all your interventions and questions and wish us all fruitful discussions. Thank you. >>LYNN ST. AMOUR: I am to give ‑‑ on the session and I am to give the view and the test today ‑‑ has been one of the key ‑‑ and discussions and with the internet committees (Static for audio.) >>FRANK GRUTTER: First of all, thank you very much for the opportunity to speak here today. During the best practices forum, we aligned ourselves with the connecting and achieving sustainable development goals. We did so by initiating a wide call for goals too much we received 27 formal submissions. Discussions took place in nine additional meetings. Key outcomes included a well developed cybersecurity can increase trust in ICTs and the internet and ensure robust interactions and transactions. It also helped stimulate growth in the technology which helps accelerate business and insures technologies critical to achieving the STGs can be meaningfully developed. On the other side, if we fail to make the right decisions, we can create a perception of insecurity that leads our ability to achieve their sustainable development goals. As part of our work, we developed a concrete set of ten areas where development of appropriate policy insures we end up in a place where security is actively supporting development. This ranged from security liability of an access to internet services over ensuring that syste