Today’s lower court decision in Hachette v. Internet Archive is a blow to all libraries and the communities we serve. This decision impacts libraries across the US who rely on controlled digital lending to connect their patrons with books online. It hurts authors by saying that unfair licensing models are the only way their books can be read online. And it holds back access to information in the digital age, harming all readers, everywhere. But it’s not over —we will keep fighting for the traditional right of libraries to own, lend, and preserve books. We will be appealing the judgment and encourage everyone to come together as a community to support libraries against this attack by corporate publishers. We will continue our work as a library. This case does not challenge many of the services we provide with digitized books including interlibrary loan, citation linking, access for the print-disabled, text and data mining, purchasing ebooks, and ongoing donation and preservation of books. Statement from Internet Archive founder, Brewster Kahle: “Libraries are more than the customer service departments for corporate database products. For democracy to thrive at global scale, libraries must be able to sustain their historic role in society—owning, preserving, and lending books. This ruling is a blow for libraries, readers, and authors and we plan to appeal it.” Take Action! Stand up for libraries ✊ Stand up for the digital rights of all libraries! Join the Battle for Libraries: https://www.battleforlibraries.com/ Support the Internet Archive 📚 Support the Internet Archive to continue fighting for libraries in court! Stay connected 🔗 Sign up for the Empowering Libraries newsletter for ongoing updates about the lawsuit and our library. 253 thoughts on “ The Fight Continues ” Here’s the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth that I’m gonna tell Hachette that I warn everyone No infringements of any kind is intended. So once again The Internet Archive is not guilty or suspicious. That’s why I always stand with the Internet Archive. Not Hachette. I’m sorry for the inconvenience so I can’t research or preserve anything without the Internet Archive. I can only stick with the Internet Archive. I get a help from the Internet Archive. and I also always stand up for the digital rights of all libraries of the world! although I didn’t have money to donate yet. But I add everything to my favorites. By the way tell Hachette that I’ve been waiting for a Warner Bros. 100th Anniversary Book this year and I’ll get it off from ebay. Yes, it is truly real that this organization is innocent and educational. It has all the collection of books and other works that are completely educational. Of course it is and I always agree that no infringement of any kind is intended. Including Copyright. You are ignorant of copyright laws. Your INTENT means nothing. When you steal copyrighted material and post it for free you are still stealing and violating copyright even if your “intent” is not to… although i believe 100% you are lying about your “intent” anyway. Archive.org has some really good cultural and historical content but it is NOT by any stretch of the imagination a “library.” What “library” Let’s children view hardcore pornography and Muslim mullahs rant endlessly? What library allows obviously stolen content to sit for years on its shelves? This isn’t a library. It’s a dumping ground for stolen content. And archives can be both. Which is what this is. You are a sheep, standing up for the Big guy, how brave you are Cringe. I’m with you. He’s a corporate shill. They don’t care for copyrights or profits. Their ultimage plan is to censor information that doesn’t fit their narratives. This has been in the making for years now. This plan is far more nefarious than people realize. I agree, there is a war on information. Yes. Public libraries are under attack, too. The censorious will do whatever it takes to limit access to perspectives not their own.