https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2020-main-session-nris-role-of-the-inte… >> ANJA GENGO: Officially, and for the record, good afternoon from Geneva. Good morning, good evening, depending on where you are. I want to thank you for joining the NRI 's Main Session. This has been a tradition at every Annual IGF Meeting since 2016 the Annual Meeting in Mexico. My name is for the record Anja Genco, and I work for the IGF Secretariat, mainly with the colleagues that are running the national, regional, subregional. This is the main session of the NRIs being organized completely by NRIs in bottom‑up open and collaborative manner. Focused on the role of the Internet in emergency situations. Before I give the floor to our dear co‑moderators, Ms. Mary Uduma and Mr. Flavio Wagner. It is very sad and shocking and unexpected to have to say that happened during this Annual IGF Meeting, makes this meeting different, makes this main session different, sad. But at the same time, we are moderated by the great legacy that has left behind our dear colleague and friend, Ms. Marilyn Cade. Many of you know Marilyn and I think she does not need any introduction. Marilyn was endorsed to actually co‑moderate with Flavio this session, and unfortunately, we were informed during the IGF meeting that Marilyn has passed away. It's a great loss for not just for the NRI 's Community to which she gave just a strong support throughout the collaborative work of throughout the years of the NRIs , but also to the entire Internet governance ecosystem. She is deeply missed but she will never be forgotten. In honor of the legacy of Ms. Marilyn Cade in honor of our life, I ask all of you for a minute of silence. Thank you. Thank you very much. With this I would like to give the floor back to our dear co‑moderators, Ms. Mary Uduma will open the session, and Mr. Flavio Wagner will introduce the topic with our distinguished panel today and goals we want to achieve in the next 90 minutes. Mary, please, you have the floor. Mary, I don't think we can hear you. If Mary has issues, she did inform at the beginning, then I'm going to ask Flavio. >> MARY UDUMA: Can you hear me? Can you hear me? >> ANJA GENGO: We can hear you. >> MARY UDUMA: All right. Okay. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, good night, everywhere, wherever you are joining from. This is Mary Uduma from West Africa IGF . I am the Coordinator, and as we have heard from Anja, this is the NRI Main Session that we normally held during the IGF , during every IGF we have this NRI Main Session. And for this year, I have myself as Co‑Moderator. As she said, it would have been Marilyn Cade, but in her honor, I'm here standing in. And the Moderator is Flavio from Brazil. And the order of the speakers from all of the NRIs from Anja will be showing them, and they will be making interventions as a topic that we have today is the role of Internet in emergency situations, the role of the Internet in emergency situations. We welcome you all to this Main Session organized by the NRIs in an open, bottom‑up consultative manner across all NRIs and will focus on concrete practices in which digital technologies can help people in emergency situations, such as the COVID‑19 pandemic. We will hear from NRIs coming from different parts of the world, reflecting good regional balance as well as diversity in views on the session's topic. We note that the speakers will speak for only three minutes, please. We have four blocks of this program, and the first one will last, you know, it will start from now and end aren't 16:55, and then Flavio will take up that, my colleagues, Flavio from Brazil IGF , he will do a better introduction of himself, and when you speak, please speak slowly to the moderators and interpreters will be able to interpret and the captioner. Again, you can raise your hands, you can also type in your questions in the Q&A page or you can chat. Please, every voice is important and as we share will also learn and t