https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2022-open-forum-70-open-forum-shapin… >> TAWFIK JALESSI: (No audio) ‑‑ hate speech, conspiracy theories, cyber bullying, online harassment of professionals and so on and so forth. That's not public good. That's public harm. At the minimum that's public (?) there's one way is to watch the world passing by and stay passive or to try to do something about it. UNESCO decided to try to do something about it. And people say, why UNESCO? Where are you coming from? Well, UNESCO has a 30‑year track record on freedom of speech, Freedom of Expression, Safety of Journalists. For 30 years we have been awarding the UNESCO World Press Freedom Prize. I think we have a record of defending human rights and the fundamental human right is freedom of speech, Freedom of Expression. Now, it happens freedom of speech moved online. How can we ensure that freedom of speech online is for the public good and not for public harm? We know of casualties, people who have died because of misinformation, disinformation, and hate speech. Let me give you one statistic from our work and research. 73% of women journalists have been subject to online harassment. 73% of women journalists are subject to online harassment. 20% of them ended up being physically attacked. This is not just something happening on cyber space and so what? Skip it. Don't look at it. Well, 20% of the cases it wasn't just online and these women were subject to attacks and physical violence. This is one. Said in open plenary session, in Sweden he said one in four women journalists end up quitting her job because of online harassment. Not just being harassed online. One in four journalists in Sweden decided to quit journalism because they couldn't take it any longer. There are many other statistics. Let me go to Brazil, we heard from keynote speaker at UNESCO in June. 78% of Brazilian take What's App as their primary source of information. You are saying it's true and you are in Brazil. Yes, of course. This is an alarming statistic, because what information is being disseminated on social media on What's App or TikTok or YouTube or Instagram? Is it verified information? Is it fact checked information? Is it quality information? A country like Brazil with over 200 million people and 78% of them use What's App as the source of information. I find is alarming. You can say it's a fact of life. We like social media. We're on social media every day. We have statistics that the youth spend at least two hours a day on social media, two hours a day on social media. Maybe they don't spend two hours a day studying or doing homework or doing sports or other things, but they are on social media. It is very important for our media and information literacy programmes, because it's not only conferences and also advocacy. It is also capacity building. And you have a major programme called media and information literacy with a goal of making citizens media and information literate, so they know how to use information on these platforms. Hopefully they can develop critical thinking and they can distinguish between fake news and verified news and so on and so forth. I think the issue ‑‑ what happens to why such a conference and why UNESCO? So the last bit of why UNESCO, last year in the media ‑‑ again, sub‑Saharan Africa, we helped UNESCO the World Press conference. There was a major Declaration which is called the wind hook because the initial World Press conference took place in wind hook 30 years ago. This is the Declaration in which it was clearly stated we have to ensure that information is a common public good. Including through online means and channels. So we are taking that concept of information as a common public good, and we're trying to address it in the context of digital platforms. Through an inclusive multi‑stakeholder approach, the 193 Member States of UNESCO, Civil Society, NGOs, academia, research institutions, but also media professionals, but also the