>> TIMEA SUTO: Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to this Main Session that is Global Access, Global Progress, Managing Challenges Of Global Digital Adoption. My name is Timea Suto. I'm going to be your moderator today. Today we are gathering for this main session under the theme of IGF , Harnessing Innovation And Balancing Risk In The Digital Space, which I think is one of the main themes of all of the conversations we are having on digital policy and Internet Governance. So it's quite timely we address this here at the IGF . What we will try and do in this session is connect two parts that I like to say that come with bringing people online. First of all, what can we do to actually make sure that everyone everywhere every day has connectivity that they are able to connect to the Internet, that they are able to access services that are relevant to them, that are in their own languages, and that they can actually make use of that want them to come online. And then, of course, that everybody has the skills to make sure that they can participate once in the online world once they are online whether that's for social activity or economic activity or whatever other service they want to access. But then once we bring online and we carry on doing, what happens then? Is that the end goal to bring people on line? Have we solved everything once everybody is connected. That will be the second part, what are the challenges of bringing a lot of people online at the same time, and what happens once they are online? So those are the two actual main themes we would like to discover in this session together. I have a distinguished list of panelists here to help me answer those questions. I'm very glad I don't have to bring the answers. I will be just asking the questions today. So first we will have Mr. Gbenga Sesan, Executive Director at Paradigm Initiative. Then we hope we will be joined by Ms. Thelma Quaye, Director of digital infrastructure, skills and empowerment at Smart Africa. Then we have Ms. Sally Wentworth, President and CEO of the Internet Society. Dr. Takuo Imagawa, Vice Minister, Ministry Of Internal Affairs And Communications of Japan, Ms. Alaa Abdulaal, Chief of Digital Economy Foresight at the Digital Cooperation Organisation, Mr. José de Pereira, cofounder of the Laboratory Of Public Policy And Internet and the researcher at the University of Bonn in Sustainable AI Lab. Hi, Thelma, great to have you. Then we have Mr. Shivnath Thukral, Vice President for Public Policy for Meta in India, and then last but not least, Ms. Tami Bhaumik, Vice President Civility and Partnerships at Roblox. Without further ado, we will jump into the first segment of the panel trying to figure out how we make sure that we bring everybody online, what is left to do in this important task. And after we hear first from the half of the panel, we will turn to questions and comments from the floor. So please know there will be microphones circulating around the room when you are ready to ask your questions. As the speakers are speaking, think of what you might want to ask them as they speak. My first speaker is Gbenga Sesan, and I would like to ask you a little bit about why is it so important that we connect everybody? Why is it so important especially to connect those who are living in remote or hard to access areas and how does this work in your region. >> GBENGA SESAN: Thank you I'm tempted to say and I will say connectivity could be a matter of life and death. We write an annual report on digital rights at Paradigm Initiative and one of the stories that really paints the picture for me is a story of a woman who was three minutes away from missing medical intervention because the telecom services in our country were shut down, but someone just knew that it was just mobile phone connectivity that was shut down and they could get WiFi signal to make a Voice Over IP call. It sounds like when we talk about connectivity, at times it sounds like a "nice to ha