https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-ycig-youth-in-the-decision-maki… >> We all live in a digital world. We all need it to be open and safe. We all want to trust. >> And to be trusted. >> We all despise control. >> And desire freedom. >> We are all united. >> PEDRO de PERDIGAO LANA: Hello. Welcome to the session named YCIG Youth in the decision‑making process. Today you are listening to two speakers. First, we have Eileen Cejas, who is a criminal lawyer from Buenos Aires, Argentina, currently Regional Engagement Director from Latin America and the Caribbean of the Youth SIG and the Steering Committee Member of the Youth Commission on Internet Governance. She has been involved in different activities of Internet Governance as sustainability program at the Working Group Internet for Social Cohesion and being part of the coordination of the Project Youth Summit. Then we have Ayden Federline, who is a researcher who previously represented the European organizations, the body which sets policy for generic top‑level domains, such as dot-com and dot‑org and was a 2019 Fellow within the foundation. Last but not least, we will have Emilia Zalewska, who is a lawyer, actively involved in Internet Governance initiatives since 2017, when she participated in a project and is co‑founder and a Steering Committee Member of Youth IGF Poland, actively involved in organizing the Youth Summit and also is a youth envoy in Generation Connect by the International Telecommunications Union. I am also introducing Mohammad Atif Aleem, who will be the moderator of the Zoom room, or online moderator. And he is a co‑engineering graduate from university in India and has been associated with the Internet Society chapter in India. Please keep in mind after the speakers' presentation, we will brainstorm together, have an open mic and take a picture together. So, now let's jump to the first segment of our session. I will make two questions. So, please, speakers, stick to two minutes' interventions. I am giving the floor to Ayden first, then Emilia. So, Ayden, can you tell us how you got involved in the Internet Governance system and any learnings about this experience? >> AYDEN FEDERLINE: Sure. I hope you can hear me. I am Ayden Federline, a Public Interest Technologist in Germany. And it's funny, because I've had this conversation with a lot of people like ourselves over the past eight weeks for a different research project that I've been working on. So, I've been interviewing a lot of people that, like myself, have tried to enter into leadership positions in different multilateral or multi‑stakeholder forums. So, I can share some of the lessons that I've heard from a community of voices. So, these are not all of my own original thoughts, although suddenly, some of them have been my own experience. And essentially, what I have heard is that it is so easy to be pulled this way, that way, or the other in this space, and that in order to be an effective advocate in multi‑stakeholder or multilateral fora, you need to have a narrow focus, you need to really hone in on what is a genuine interest to you, because that personal motivation and desire to understand the back story to all of the issues that have taken place is really important. It is also, perhaps, more of a return on investment to participate at the national level first before you start participating at the international level. The possibility that someone will speak to you in a language that you don't understand is minimal. People are more respectful of time limitations. Issues can be more locally relevant. Frequency of meetings is tailored to local concerns. And you also will meet stakeholders who you will then see at international fora. So, perhaps it is best to begin your engagement first nationally and then expand internationally. Again, participate thematically. Be open to learning. Be open to making mistakes. I make a lot of mistakes. And as long as you learn from the mistakes and you rea