>> MODERATOR: Welcome to the session on editorial media and big architecture. I am chairing the session today. I'm a professor the journalism at University of Schibsted. It's about the material conditions about distribution of media content., and editorial media are, as you know, responsible for overseeing power and for providing an arena for democratic conversation. So here in Norway, it's the responsibility of the state to ensure the infrastructure for information, communication, and expression is open, diverse, and free to all. This responsibility is in fact embedded in Paragraph 100 of the Norwegian Constitution on freedom of expression. Media largely used to own the distribution in the past, owned the television towers that relayed broadcasting signals, the trucks that delivered newspapers, and they leased the bandwidth where radio signals were transmitted, but they have also always been somewhat reliant on third parties to get their content out to audiences. In the past, these were cable distribution companies, video stores, movie theaters, and newsstands. Today news delivery is modular, it's distributed through a range of platforms, most of which are owned by a handful of U.S.‑based technology companies. News media rely on terrestrial and submarine fiber cables to have hyperlinking and also co‑production and audience reach. They need content delivery networks to stream content, they rely on Cloud services like the ones provided by Microsoft and Amazon Web Services to store and manage data. They rely on web architecture like provided by Google for website functionality and news media have also relied for quite some time on social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Tik Tok to reach and engage their users, and also to generate advertising revenue. More and more, news media also grow increasingly dependent on the AI services provided by Microsoft, Alphabet, and Amazon for research and production, analytics, and also personalization of content. So, many of the key players here operate across sectors, and now this creates potential vulnerability ace long the value chain of news production and distribution raising questions as to the resilience of the overall technological infrastructure for news globally. These resilience issues emerged because these technologies, and these are technologies that work really well, by the way, they're concentrating in power and they're also concentrating geographically. So, we are quickly approaching the point where it becomes impossible to operate sustainability without these services so this leads to issues of dependency and potential capture posing questions about the resilience of the information ecology overall. So how does this infrastructure create vulnerabilities for editorial media ability to operate sustainably, how do we secure free editorial media in the future. We will delve into the issues in the session. We will start with two keynotes followed by a panel discussion. Our first keynote is by Chris Disspain. Chris is a corporate lawyer who for 16 years was the CEO of the Manager of the Australia Internet Country Code where he started the Australian IGF . He was a Director of ICANN, so Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers for the 9 years and member of the multistakeholder advice group for 6 years and continues to be heavily involved in ICANN and all areas of Internet governance. So, Chris, the floor is yours. (Applause). >> CHRIS DISSPAIN: Good morning, everybody. This is a really, really weird setup. Hang on. That's it. Let's get rid of that. I can hear myself properly instead of cutting out. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for asking me to be here. I'm going to ‑‑ I was in two minds how to do this, in the end I decided the Best thing for me to do is sort of level set and save all the sort of controversial stuff for the discussion because I have no doubt there is going to be some of that. So let me start by asking you to imagine waking up tomorrow 