>> DANIEL O'MALEY: We're sorting out some technical issues but we will get it working, for those joining online. Hi, good morning, good afternoon. Waqas, are you online? Are we able to hear you? Are we able? We're checking to see if our participants online are able, yes, so they can hear us. >> WAQAS NAEEM: Hi, Dan. Can you hear us, too? >> DANIEL O'MALEY: Yes. Great. We can see you as well. Great. Thank you, everyone. >> WAQAS NAEEM: Good morning. >> DANIEL O'MALEY: Apologies for the technical delays. It wouldn't be an IGF if we didn't have a technical glitch. I think they just do it as a reminder to how important the internet is for all kinds of socioeconomic activities, including news, so it's a good reminder how important the work that we're doing is. I'll pass it to Courtney Radsch who will introduce our session. >> COURTNEY RADSCH: Great. Thank you for everyone in the room here at Kyoto and everyone online around the world. We're excited to have you here today because we think there are very few issues that are as important as figuring out how to balance the need for technology, innovation, governance, and ensuring the sustainability of journalism and news media. We are the Dynamic Coalition on Journalism and News Media. We're going to group the "Sustainability", because that's really long, so think of DC Journalism going forward. Today we're going to have a three‑part session. First, we are going to hear from the authors of our annual report, which is out now, and we have some hard copies as well as digital copies that colleagues from the Global Forum on Media Development, which help run the Secretariat, will be sharing online, and invite you to sign up for the mailing list so you can receive that. Then we'll have an open forum for folks online and in the room who are interested and working on this topic to share their own work and research. We'll invite you. We have invited several to participate in that. This is, again, part of our efforts to make sure that this is a very dynamic, inclusive, wide‑ranging discussion on the range of topics that sit at the intersection of internet governance and media sustainability. And then we will have a Q & A session and we'll talk a little bit about the Dynamic Coalition and what our plans are for the next year. And again, those are all set by the community. This is an effort that we, this year, we determined, for example, that data, transparency and access are essentially what we call the trifecta for media sustainability. Every year we determine the priorities based on the input from the communities. So with that, I want to welcome everyone who is here in Kyoto. Thank you for joining us. And turn it over to ‑‑ oh, I should probably mention I'm one of the three co‑coordinators of the Dynamic Coalition. My name is Courtney Radsch. I'm the Director of the Center for Journalism and Liberty at Open Markets Institute, a think tank based in Washington, D.C. Daniel O'Maley is another co‑coordinator. And our third co‑coordinator is Waqas Naeem, who is online. Waqas, over to you. >> WAQAS NAEEM: Thank you Courtney. Warm welcome to everyone who has joined us online. Again, we apologize about the technical difficulties. As Courtney mentioned, at the Dynamic Coalition we're really interested in hearing your insights and perspectives on the digital policies and the regulatory frameworks that affect new sustainability. This year the coalition has also focused on issues related to data‑sharing and transparency and data practices, especially in connection with big tech companies. As many of you might have noticed during the year, there seems to be a growing reluctance misunderstanding big tech companies about distribution of news on their platforms. Sometimes this is in relation or in reaction to government policies and sometimes in reaction to industry demands, which is why we feel that although many of us are working on these issues at the international level, a lot of you who are focusing on th