>> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Dear experts and Panelists it's a great pleasure to be able to animate this debate to be able to make this exchange that I hope that it is about all humanity. I would like dear guests, Your Excellency, and ‑‑ who is not here with us. I would like to speak in Arabic language since we are in a meeting of the United Nations, the best human place to unload exchanges between all humanity that is why I will make the introduction of our debates in this session in Arabic. I say in this extraordinary situation we are experiencing in every part of the world, our life is changing. In every corner of the world, our planet is also changing due to various events, natural disasters and emergencies. This gives rise to the feeling of humanity and we have simply to change our lifestyle, our routine, daily lifestyle. People are a part of their jobs. Schools are closed down, same goes for centers. Nothing works as usual. Frequently these institutions are not available. We can see that this is happening in different parts of the world. And this is caused by the coronavirus pandemic. The changes in the world are unprecedented, however digital technologies carry the potential and it gives us a level of help we will be able to leave the crisis behind and we will be able to blossom in the future. Classical, traditional approaches cannot be applied anymore, and we start thinking now in a different way. We are much more focused on the digital technologies. So we should think about what role digital technologies and digital innovation may play in the future in different domains of our lives, education, industry, agriculture In the new digital era. It gives us a lot of problems, and also gives rise to a number of questions. Guests will take part with us in debate around the chosen theme. I begin with Mrs. Phumzile Mlambo‑Ngcuka from the United NationS, Executive Director. Hello Mr. Yong Li from the United Nation Industrial Development Organization, the Director General. >> YONG LI: Nice to meet you. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Really glad to meet you. Mrs. Gabrila RAMOS. Assistant Director general for social and human science from the UNESCO. >> GABRILA RAMOS: Great to see you. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Great to see and you meet you too. Mr. Mario Cimoli from the United Nation Economy Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean, Deputy Executive Secretary. Glad to meet you, Mr. Cimoli. are you with us? >> MARIO CIMOLI: Thank you it is a pleasure to be here. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: The pleasure is for me too. And Mr. Andrew Sullivan are with you us? >> ANDREW SULLIVAN: I am. Pleasure to meet you. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Glad to meet you too. Thank you for joining us. Mr. Josh Kallmer. Is that right? >> JOSH KALLMER: You got it. Pleasure. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Pleasure for me too. You are Head of Global Public Policy and Development Relations. That right? >> JOSH KALLMER: That's right. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Glad to meet you, Mr. Kallmer. And also Mr. Rilli Lappalainen. >> RILLI LAPPALAINEN: Yes. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Director of Sustainable Development. Glad to meet you. And Ms. Claire Milameda from Global Partnership for Sustainable Development and Data. >> CLAIRE MELAMED: Glad to be here. Thank you. >> IBTISSEM BEDJAOUI: Glad to meet you too. Before we begin, I want to set the stage for the discussion. We are going to ask our speakers to give a very specific example of how the Internet or related technology has been used for social cohesion in times like COVID‑19 or specific example of how the Internet has come forward. And please try to find examples from the recourse something that has happened and that stand out as an example. And I begin with Ms.Phumzile Mlambo‑Ngcuka. Please begin. >> PHUMZILE MLAMBO‑NGCUKA: Thank you. The one example I would like to pick up that has been important for us during this time of the COVID‑19 pandemic of violence against women. An example that is important for a large number of women in the world given that the