https://www.intgovforum.org/igf-2017-day-0-events >> SATISH BABU: Can we please settle down? So good morning, and welcome to this meeting. We're a bit late due to the fact that there's no buffer time provided in the program so we've had to run from the previous meeting. At the outset ‑‑ well, I'm Satish Babu. I've been recruited by the Asia‑Pacific School of Internet Governance, APSIG, to run this meeting. Although we do not have formal remote participation, we are actually trying to get at least a few of our colleagues to make it to Geneva in person to participate remotely. We're trying to use Zoom, so hopefully that will work out. Now this meeting is the second... [TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES] >> SANDRA HOFERICHTER: My name is Sandra Hoferichter, I'm the general manager of the European summer school on Internet Governance which was the first summer schools on ‑‑ on this globe. And we are very happy to see that so many regional and national schools have emerged over the time. Obviously, not one school can serve the whole globe, so I'm very happy that this network in Asia‑Pacific exists and more national schools on the globe are going to emerge and ‑‑ and most of the time I'm actually doing the European dialogue Internet Governance which is the European IGF . Thank you. >> UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Hello, good morning, I'm (saying name) from Sri Lanka. I'm representing SIG Sri Lanka, and (?) Sri Lanka, so I hope, again, we can have a very productive meeting here today. Thank you. >> UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Hello. I'm (saying name). I'm from Bhutan. I work for the Ministry of Information and Communications. And it's my fortunatity to attend this workshop. I'm very fortunate and thank you. I would like to thank the organizer and for the invitation given to us to attend this meeting. Thank you. >> UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: (Saying name), lecturer and researcher from Nepal. >> TEREZA HOREJSOVA: Good morning, this is Tereza Horejsova from Diplo Foundation and the Geneva Internet Platform. We've been participating in the calls and are eager to continue the discussion. Thank you. >> GUNELA ASTBRINK: Hello, I'm Gunela Astbrink from Australia and also an APSIG and a Amazon fellow. Thank you. >> AMRITA CHOUDHURY: Good morning, I'm Amrita Choudhury. I'm from India School of Internet Governance and also an APSIG Amazon fellow here. >> UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Hello, I am (saying name), student from Brazil School of Internet Governance, and participated in the India School of Internet Governance and in South School of Internet Governance. Nice to be with you. >> UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Hi, my name is Sayeed (phonetic). I'm from the part of the team of the organizers of the Afghanistan School of Internet Governance. We held that last year and we're working on the second one now. >> ADAM PEAKE: Adam Peake, ICANN, and just here to learn about the SIGs that are going on that we participate in quite a lot. And, excuse me, I've got a very, very squeaky chair, so if I move and squeak, I'm just going to get embarrassed and try not to move, thanks. >> BAHER ESMAT: Good morning, I'm Baher Esmat with ICANN, part of the global stakeholder engagement team, and I'm also part of the School on Internet Governance for Middle East and adjoining companies. >> LIANNA GALSTYAN: Lianna Galstyan from Armenia, Armenia IGF , and this year we launched our first school, National School for Internet Governance, by the way, with the support of ICANN, so thank you for that. And now we're launching our second circle. It was started from January, mid January, and we'll speak a little bit later, maybe, and discuss all these things. Thank you. >> OLGA CAVALLI: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, my name is Olga Cavalli, I'm from Argentina. I am the academic director of the South School of Internet Governance that will host its 10th meeting in 2018. And we organize for the first time in 2017, the first Argentina School of Internet Governance in Buenos Aires, Argentina SIG, and thank you for org