>> MODERATOR: Actually it works. Normally, it takes 10 seconds before these things starts to work. Yeah, welcome to the European stakeholder networking session for those who does not know what EuroDIG is it's the European IGF you, so this is not this is not on the AI governance in particular. This is a session to get to know each other, tell each other what we do. I happen to be the Chair of president of whatever the name is for the time being of something that is called EuroDIG Support Association, which is there to make sure that it EuroDIG actually exists, and there's also responsible to help raise funds, which is always an important thing. So, yeah, we'll hear from a few people that have been and are involved in it EuroDIG ‑‑ EuroDIG like stakeholders you see some pictures here of the last year ‑‑ this year's EuroDIG which. Yeah, very nice place as it's taking place in summer, so I'll be very short and just invite you to engage to talk to each other also from regions outside of Europe, of course, because, yeah, I think there's a lot of things to exchange, so I will hand over to our Secretary‑General of EuroDIG, Miss ‑‑ her excellency Sandra Hoferichter. >> SANDRA HOFERICHTER: So welcome, everyone. I know I was like a week here already, so I would already like to make this session as interactive as possible. What we would like to discuss today is, first of all, look back what EuroDIG was this year what the messages were, and I'm very happy to have two representatives from that Lithuanian host and business ‑‑ which is a extensive consultation process conducted in the European area, Mark Carvell will gives an outlook on what we're planning, and then very happily next year EuroDIG is confirmed to be at the council have European in S so un ‑‑ and what we can expect for next year and as a surprise we are going to release our newest publication that was released the day before we traveled to Riyadh, so it's really brand‑new, and we're very happy to have Sally here. First of all, ‑‑ oh, good I forgot her name. Lena. Lena is the digital ambassador from Lithuania and, what, happened, and you can take a seat or you can stand up. We have handheld mics whatever you feel comfortable doing. Just come to the stage. >> INGA RIMKEVICIENE: Good afternoon, everybody. I really feel ‑‑ I really feel privileged to start ‑‑ to begin this session and to participate in this session as the representative of Lithuania. The government host of the EuroDIG 2024. Many of you knows this EuroDIG 2024 you see nice photos from there. It was hosted by the communication regulatory authorities and from the ministry of foreign affairs and transport communication and ministry of economy and innovation. Also in collaboration with the information society development committee and various municipalities of the institution ‑‑ why this year and why am I doing this some of you who are already on digital matters ‑‑ it's time to invite the European IGF you have to our capital. Our important goal for this EuroDIG 2024 represent the vibrant local technical community and also the ‑‑ vibrant local technical community and also the talks during the EuroDIG 2024 from the perspective of the hosting country. Many experts from state institutions, from academia and from media and on business and indeed participating in preparing the program they were participating as speakers and also participating and listening to the sessions and active there. I hope that that countries of lithe wana who participated in EuroDIG are really diverse and interesting. And particularly ‑‑ it's good to note that it coincided with the Lithuanian presidency of the community of the ministers of the council of Europe, so we were happy that the Secretary‑General of the council of Europe Mrs. Ma ria also participated in EuroDIG 2024 as a keynote speaker and the ‑‑ as the speaker, sorry. And also, were strongly engaged in all the discussions. The digital dimension of freedom including artificial intelligence a