>> MARILYN CADE: Welcome. My name is Marilyn Cade. I'm acting as the mistress of ceremonies for the first segment, and my colleague and chief organizer and planner of the architect of this session, Wisdom, will replace me so that I can move to the audience in just a few minutes. So I'm just going to make very brief opening comments, and I want to welcome all of you and try to set the stage for what we're going to do today, and then we are going to hear from our host country ambassador, Thomas Schneider. Very, very quickly, this is a working session. We are faced with the kind of challenge in measuring and planning and analyzing that the world faced when E‑commerce was first conceptualised back in the '80s and '90s. Up until that time, the way we measured what was going on in the high‑tech world was to count households, businesses, the number of mainframes and terminals, and land lines. We didn't have local phones, we didn't have online applications. So all of the agencies responsible for statistical reporting had to completely rethink how they were going to gather information and what they were going to count and how they were going to report it. Today, we're accustomed to having really in‑depth statistical analysis from the UN organisations, UNCTAG, WTO, ITU , and more, health from WHO, and about labour from ILO, and we're accustomed having reports from think tanks like Gardner and others that tell us how technology is growing and how it is being used. But in order to adopt that particular measurement and analysis environment, to help us measure the SDGs, we have to go far beyond that, and our data gathering has to change. The people we gather it from, the institutions we gather it from, and the companies we gather it from and the individuals we gather it from have to change. So this is a working session, to learn from many who are working in this space and to think about what our recommendations are to them and to ourselves, including to the private sector, not just to government agencies and think tanks about what we need to do differently so that we know what to measure, how to measure, how to analyze, to help to inform planning so that we will make progress in achieving the SDGs. I would like to turn this over to our host country speaker, ambassador Schneider, and then we will move forward with the rest of the programme. >> Schneider: Thank you, Marilyn. My name is Thomas. We hope that some more people will make it through the security impasse at the UN here, because I personally think that this is one of the most important sessions, because this is fundamental. It has become, I think we all agree, fundamental to achieving the SDGs. The thing is, not just everybody is really thinking about this in a strategic way. Maybe just to give you a quick experience on how we deal with this on a national level. We have the SDGs, development corporation ‑‑ not corporations, agencies as part of the government. Plus, another federal office that deals normally with landscape and space planning and space allocation. And they have started what they call an agenda 2030 baseline assessment, where they go through all the 17 SDGs and 169 or whatever they are sub goals of the SDGs, and look at what does this mean for our country, where are we standing on national level, where are we standing with our development activities to support other countries, and they haven't by themselves taken into account digital transformation or anything like that in a systematic way. So when we were invited, that was an open process, a multi‑stakeholder process in the Civil Society businesses on national level, but it was us as the Office of Communication, at the same time as the IT department of the public administration that both were told to listen, you're forgetting something very important. If you look at the SDGs, digital transformation of economy and society applications, this has an impact on basically all of the SDGs, and actually most of the ‑‑ a lot of