>> SOLOMON KASSA: I'm Solomon Kassa, a senior technology advisor and strategist. I'll be your moderator for this panel. Our digital security is under threat, malicious actors are targeting the infrastructures of hospital, airports, there are devastating human consequences with severe attacks that have evolved in scope, sophistication and targets, the Internet is literally a virtual battleground or battlefield. Internet crime report highlights in the U.S. alone from the FBI, it received a record number of 847376 complaints from American public in 2021 which was 7% increase from 2020 with the potential losses exceeding 6.9 Billion Dollars. In the past couple of year, COVID‑19 contributed to new cybersecurity threats, the need for acceleration of digitalization as well as investments in cybersecurity measures. Cyberattacks have grown globally as well with sophistication, number and impact in 2021. The global cost of cybercrime is staggering. It exceeds $6 trillion that year alone, in 2021. This is according to a remark by the head of the Italian firm for aerospace defense and security during a speech at cyber tech Europe, 2022 it conference in Rome. This is just the highlight of what's happening in the cyberspace in terms of security and trust. With attacks like phishing, SME campaigns, malware, disinformation, misinformation, a ransomware, crypto crime, cybercrimes have been on the rise. Meanwhile, technologies like AI and blockchain have proved capable of both damaging and protecting the environment. Several international efforts are underway to increase the global response to digital threats and develop norms, mechanisms and confidence building measures to boost trust and security in cyberspace. On the climate side, the ITU has launched standards promoting green data centres, a coalition to produce the global eWaste monitor. As digitalization is a key driver of the UN Sustainable Development Goals considering all digital challenges is necessary. UN Secretary‑General Antonio Guterres has said looking to the future, two seismic shifts will shape the 21st Century, the climate crisis and Digital Transformation. Enabling that transformation means getting digital risk, this session, it will be with a group of experts and distinguished panelists will explore gaps and barriers effecting digital trust and security in regional and global context translating to international norm frameworks to practical implementations and share Best Practices for enhancing collaboration and coordination among stakeholders to give cyber resilience and align digital trust and security principles with the 2030 Agenda. To discuss these very critical aspects of the Internet we're so privileged to have a group of distinguished experts on this panel both in person and online hopefully who will share with us their insights and perspectives. I would like to invite those online to turn on their cameras at this point. Before starting our session, I will briefly introduce our panelists. Everybody is here? Okay. Toomas Hendrik, Former President of Estonia, and Co‑chair of the Global Futures Concil on Blockchain Technology/Member, IGF Leadership Panel he's joining us online. Her Excellency Mufarihat Kamil, Minister of Labour and Skills of Ethiopia. Emma Theofelus, Deputy Minister of Information and Communication Technology, Namibia. Hiroshi Yoshida, Vice Minister for Policy Coorination, Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan. Bella Cherkesova, Deputy Minister, Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media of the Russian Federation. Weixiong Chen, Acting Executive Director, UN Counter‑Terrorism Executive Directorate, UNCTED. Doreen Bogdan‑Martin, Secretary‑General‑elect, ITU . Tara VanKessel, Assistant Director‑General for Communication and Information Nathaniel Fick, U.S. Ambassador at Large for Cyberspace and Digital Policy. Remi Marechaux, Ambassador of France to Ethiopia. I hope I said that right. I'm not a francophone! Nathalie Jaarsma, Amb