https://igf2019.sched.com/event/SU7A/dc-on-public-access-in-libraries-dc-pal >> MODERATOR: If you want to come up to the front, that's fine, because we can sort of huddle together a little bit. You are in the Dynamic Coalition on Public Access in Libraries session. My name is Stuart Hamilton. I'm from the Irish local Government Management Agency where I head the libraries development team. This afternoon we have got a session for you which is going to look at policy. And in a moment I'm going to explain a little bit more, but we are going to trace the line between policy and practice when it comes to public access and the role that libraries can play, particularly in connecting people and getting more people online, but also in upskilling and letting them have access to new services. I think I worked this out, this is the eighth time that the Dynamic Coalition has met. We formed in Nairobi in 2011, and I was reflecting that a lot has happened since 2011, a lot of good, a lot of bad on the Internet. Lots more people online, obviously, but maybe a little bit more concern about the sort of online environment that people are coming into. And then, of course, in the middle of that we have Sustainable Development Goals, and we have a brand new development framework for the world, and that's something we will be touching on today. I did think when I was looking at that timeframe that actually in the last eight years public access has never stopped being vital. All through that time the need to be able to access the Internet in remote, rural areas or for people that don't have the economic means to have a highly charged cell phone, places like libraries and other public access points are absolutely crucial. So as I said, today we will talk about policy and the impact of using public access as a policy tool. The intention is to have a discussion on how public access particularly through libraries is included in national connectivity strategies, the sorts of things that support digital inclusion, and then as part of that to showcase a few different examples of what is happening around the world when Government support turns policy into successful projects. The same here would be to inform those of you who are interested in this in our broader community about where we are at in this sort of stage, and then maybe have a bit of a discussion, a bit of a reflection on what more Governments and other stakeholders can do to use some of these strategies to get closer to the SDGs. I'm going to facilitate the session. We have got four speakers who I'm pleased to have with us and I will introduce them when it's time. They are each going to make a short intervention on our topic. We are going to hear about things about national development policies, broadband plans, the state of affordable access to the Internet, and how investment in public access can support that. And then we will hear about the impact of policy implementation on the ground in Uganda and Kenya, and what happens when you make these investments and how they play out. As a I say, I speak with great experts and great knowledge. Those of you who are here, I would like to have you get involved when the time comes. The IGF is about dialogue, and I hope you will have a few questions to test them on so I don't have to ask the difficult ones I have kept in reserve for them at the end. It does fall to me to make the first sort of intervention aside from that introduction and I will talk a little bit about why we think Public Access in Libraries is actually a strategic issue for the IGF to consider even eight years after we started. We formed the Dynamic Coalition with a simple premise that public libraries can offer innovative service based on free public access to the Internet and by doing that make a positive change in their communities with regards to areas like health, agriculture, employment, education and marginalized groups. And within the IGF we have been quite productive, and if yo