>> Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen. May I have your attention, please? So actually, the main program right now is a little bit delayed, and, yes, this is all dependent on our panels right now, on all the nine panels. So, yes, feel free to drink another cup of coffee or another glass of water or something like that, and come back in around about 20 or 30 minutes. Thank you for your attention. >> JOHN DENTON: But it must be able to satisfy the needs of civil society and the business, the business community and citizens more broadly, and be inclusive and ensure that like the ICC, which represents world business, not just northern hemisphere business, but also southern hemisphere, developing and developed countries, big companies and small companies that if the Internet is not governed in that way, then frankly, what are we doing here. I mean, that will happen, isn't it? So our aim is to ensure historically the free flow of goods and services and now the free flow of data in that part of the challenges of the ICC, but from us the issue of free flow of data must protect citizens' rights and privacy and enable the Internet to be protected on appropriate security and cybersecurity issues as well. And in that context, we launched a campaign to make technology work for all. And it won't work for all in this appropriate governance over the issue of data and we get the balance right between sovereignty and ‑‑ and the interests of those participants in the Internet. By the way, one thing I did notice in the previous sort of plenary is that one voice that's not represented anywhere here, that hopefully will be is a third of the users of Internet are actually under the age of 18 and where are they? I mean, hello! But it is actually kind of alarming that here we all sit around and yet one of the great user groups which is actually youth is not appropriately represented in this discussion. So of course, Minister Mamonov. Instead of waiting for Wolf Hisserich, if I could turn to you, Jonathan. We only have 30 minutes. So over to you. >> JONATHAN KALLMER: It's a real pleasure and honor to be here, ITI, my organization represents 70 of the world's most innovative companies. We have our largest presence in Washington, D.C. We also have an office in Brussels. We do work around the world. It strikes me that the motto of the IGF this year, one world, one net, one vision is particularly appropriate for the topic that we are going to discuss. And in particular, the notion of sovereignty, which is a reality important term. It's being used a lot, and it reflects what I think is a very legitimate, challenging, question that actually came up in the opening speeches that we just saw concerning how to reconcile very legitimate national considerations, national values, values and preferences that occur at the regional or local level with what is ultimately a global endeavor, and a global imperative. I think it's almost cliche now to talk about the ways in which the Internet depends on an open, global system and approach to succeed and to deliver all of the benefits of standards of living and growth and innovation to the world. Tackling the very legitimate public policy challenges, of which there's none more important than how to resolve issues around data rights is similarly global. And so the idea that I wanted to leave with the few minutes I have is just to implore people, regardless of nationality, regardless of position, whether you are with industry, with government, with civil society, or otherwise, not toss supplicate. They are incredibly value and make us who we are, but to recognize that the challenges we face ultimately are global in character. We can only truly overcome them by viewing them at that level, and with that kind of a mind‑set, I think we are best positioned to succeed. So thank you, John, I will yield the balance of my time to the rest of the panel. >> JOHN DENTON: We are working like an egg timer here. We have the pleasure of having M