>> LYNN ST. AMOUR: Good morning, everyone. That's a little loud. Well, we hope, I know there are still some more people coming into the room, but we have an awful lot of ground to cover, and a fairly short time given the ground to cover so I think we'll just get started here now. I'm going to do a quick introduction of the individuals up here with me, and then we'll have some introductory comments and then we'll come back and discuss the logistics of the remaining session. So, on my far left is Dr. Daniela Brünstrup who is with the federal board of economic affairs and industry and of course Germany is the host country and Daniella is the co‑chair. >> Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, first of all, a very warm welcome from the host country to Berlin. We are very glad to have you all here. We are really impressed by the participation and we are very honored to be the host country of the IGF 2019. You know, that Germany is a strong supporter of the multistakeholder approach, and we made quite an effort to also reach out to all those stakeholders who have been underrepresented so far. The German government fully supports also the work of the High-Level Panel on Digital Cooperation and on behalf of the German government, I would like to thank you all for your commitment and support in the follow‑up process to the final report of the High-Level Panel. I assume you would not be here today if you were not deeply committed to the future of Internet Governance. Since the final report was published in June, we have witnessed an incomparable consultation process within the internet governance community. Feedback has been received from all stakeholder groups, government, civil society, private sector, academia, technical networks and international organizations. They all were actively engaged in the past months. There has been an online consultation in the run up of this main session and very good synopsis is online, so you can see the results already online. Others have already contributed to this common effort and I wanted to mention the online consultation by EuroDIG, the results of which will be presented at lunchtime on the 28th of November. And today, on day 1 of the innovative 2019, we expect now further valuable contributions and comments from you. I'm very much looking forward to the discussion we will have right now. Germany has been commissioned by the United Nations to coordinate the process resulting from Recommendation 5 as a so‑called champion. Our partner can be will be the UAE. Let me assure you, we are aware of the great responsibility this entails. During the next month, we want to bring a broad variety of voices to round tables. The aim is to reach out to all stakeholder groups. Their experiences, their expertise, their ideas are extremely valuable for the round table's work because only by having everybody on board, we can create a truly global and inclusive dialogue. we will discuss in concrete terms what the architecture of international internet governance should look like. How can Recommendation 5 be implemented? What should it look like in detail? And we really hope that we will find concrete solutions to these questions. Ladies and gentlemen, I invite all of you to participate in this discussion consultation program. Just come up to us and take part in that dialogue. I'm looking very forward to our discussion today. A warm welcome to you all and thank you all. >> LYNN ST. AMOUR: Thank you, Daniela. I think I'll go through the rest of the remarks and then we're going to have some remarks from USG Hochschild. He is also going to continue supporting the Secretary‑General on issues related to Frontier technologies to ensure the follow‑up to the High-Level Panel on Digital Cooperation, which he has been engaged in since its very earliest days and he will share some of the status of that work today in just a few minutes. We also have investor Benedicto Fonseca who is well‑known to many of you as he has been a