Session Subtheme Enhancing the digital contribution to peace, development, and sustainability Theme Enhancing the digital contribution to peace, development, and sustainability Youth IGF DRC Athanase Bahizire, Youth IGF DRC, Technical Community, Africa Jasmine Ko, DotAsia, Civil Society, Asia-Pacific Ida Padikuor Na-Tei, ISOC YSG/ CTN Technologies, Private Sector, Africa Denise Leal, YCIG/ Youth LAC IGF/ UnB, Civil Society, GRULAC James Amattey (Africa), NORENSON/ ISOC Ghana, Africa Organization's Website https://youthigfdrc.cd Speakers Karen Woo, Project Officer at ITU, International Organisation, Asia-Pacific Jasmine Ko, Project Manager at DotAsia, Civil Society, Asia-Pacific Ida Padikuor Na-Tei, CEO at CTN Technologies, Private Sector, Africa Onsite Moderator Athanase Bahizire Rapporteur Denise Leal SDGs 7. Affordable and Clean Energy 7.1 7.3 7.a 7.b 9. Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure 9.1 9.4 9.a 9.b 9.c 12. Responsible Production and Consumption 12.2 12.4 12.5 12.6 12.7 12.8 13. Climate Action 15. Life on Land 15.1 15.3 15.5 15.b 17. Partnerships for the Goals 17.16 17.17 17.18 17.19 17.6 17.7 17.9 Targets: SDG 7 - Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all: This session contributes to SDG 7 by promoting energy efficiency and resource conservation. Proper disposal and recycling of electronic devices help recover valuable materials and reduce the energy required for manufacturing new products, hence supporting the transition to cleaner energy sources and sustainable energy systems. SDG 9 - Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation: This session intersects with SDG 9 by fostering innovation in e-waste management technologies and promoting sustainable infrastructure development. This session encourages the adoption of eco-friendly practices and supports the transition towards a circular economy model. SDG 12 - Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns: This goal focuses on ensuring sustainable consumption and production patterns, which are essential for managing e-waste effectively. By promoting practices such as reducing waste generation, recycling, and reusing electronic devices, e-waste management contributes significantly to achieving SDG 12. SDG 13 - Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts: Proper e-waste management reduces greenhouse gas emissions associated with inefficient disposal methods like incineration and landfilling. E-waste management plays a crucial role in combating climate change and achieving SDG 13 objectives by mitigating environmental degradation and preserving natural resources, SDG 15 - Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss: E-waste contains valuable materials like gold, copper, and rare earth elements. Recycling these materials reduces the need for new mining activities, which can cause deforestation and habitat destruction. Improper e-waste disposal also pollutes soil and water with harmful chemicals like lead, mercury, and cadmium. Efficient management ensures safe treatment and recycling, minimizing land degradation and protecting ecosystems. SDG 17 - Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development: E-waste is a global problem that requires expertise from diverse stakeholders. International cooperation through partnerships is essential to develop and implement effective policies and regulations for responsible e-waste management across the globe. Many developing countries lack the infrastructure and expertise for proper e-waste management. Partnerships can facilitate knowledge/resource sharing and capacity-building initiatives, helping these countries implement effective e-waste management practices. Format The session will feature two moderators, one onlin