>> EMRYS SCHOEMAKER: Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you all for joining us here in the room and for those online. My name is Emrys Schoemaker. And today, we're going to have a session looking at Mapping the Stakeholders around DPI. And I come from an organisation called Caribou Digital and we do a lot of work conducting research, providing support to organisations looking at implementing, understanding digital public infrastructure. And I'm joined today by a really great panel who will be bring a variety of perspectives to the question of what it means to approach mapping and thinking about DPI, and the different stakeholders that are involved in it. I'm going to start just by saying a few words about why we're convening this panel and why we're convening it here at the IGF. Firstly, to introduce the term, I'm sure many of you are aware but in case not, DPI stands for digital public infrastructure, and digital public infrastructure is a term that's increasingly used to think about and approach how countries go through a pathway of digital transformation. Its origins are in the work that India particularly led in developing a digital identity infrastructure but also now includes thinking about digital payments and also data exchange, as well as a variety of other core, critical digital elements that are necessary to enable digital economies, to enable digital society and digital government to actually function and grow and enable innovation. It's a growing term and increasingly adopted not just in the global majority world but also in other parts of the world, as well. Europe, for example, describes its approach to DPI. So there's a very growing adoption and way of thinking about how we build these core infrastructure elements of what it means to have a digital world that is delivering value for everybody. And this is a core part of what we mean by DPI, digital public infrastructure, but it delivers public value for public interest, that this is really about ensuring that the various needs that societies have are met through these digital structures. But bringing a public approach to thinking about digital infrastructure necessarily means there's a variety of stakeholders who are involved. Government, of course, in terms of deploying, leading, shaping how those different infrastructures are developed. Private sector, vendors, the providers of these different technology pieces and those are both traditional private sector industry players, as well as emerging players that offer open-source software, as well. And finally, of course, civil society actors who represent a diversity of interests, whose needs are critical in the process of designing, deploying and managing DPI in order to ensure that the interests of everybody are represented in those processes. So, mapping those stakeholders becomes critically important if we're to ensure that everybody supports the vision for a digital transformation, that everybody supports the destination that that journey is leading towards. And so, we're doing work right now to really learn from how do you map? How do you understand the different stakeholders that are necessary for this kind of process? And how can you enable those different stakeholders to work together, to cooperate, to ensure that a digital transformation journey, a DPI deployment is fully supported, aged with and meeting the needs of all members, all stakeholders that are in a society? So, we're conducting this research. This panel is an opportunity for us to really learn from experts. So I'm really excited to have this conversation today. It's also an opportunity for us to learn from you, the wider IGF community so after this panel we invite you to stay for an informal discussion about what we can learn from you that the IGF community has really learned in terms of how do you manage multistakeholder processes? As we go through the panel, we're going to have an online element, as well, so we'll be inviting both you in the 