>> SABRINA VORBAU: Greetings to Addis Ababa, from Brussels, and thank you for joining this pre‑event which is hosted by the Insafe Network. It's really good to connect with you all the way to Addis Ababa. And we also have two colleagues from our network with us on stage, Anna and Julia from NASK, from the Polish Safer Internet Centre. And as you can see here, this pre‑event is about sharing best practices from the Insafe Network. To explain to you very briefly, I have the pleasure to be joined by various different members from the Insafe Network during today's pre‑event. The Insafe Network is a network of Safer Internet Centres from across Europe. We coordinate these Safer Internet Centres with our partners from INHOPE. Safer Internet Centres are funded by the European Commission, and I do hope that our colleague from the Commission is able to join us later on as well. Safer Internet Centres are operating in all of the EU Member States, plus Norway and Iceland, and also, third countries where now the UK also belongs to. It's really nice today, as I said, that I'm joined by different colleagues from the different Safer Internet Centres, to share more of the important work that they are doing within Europe, but also more globally. As you can see here, hopefully, on the screen, Safer Internet Centres are composed of three different strings, which is the National awareness note, focusing on raising awareness and understanding of safer Internet issues and emerging trends. They run various campaigns to empower children and young people. Most of you might be familiar with Safer Internet Day, which is a global campaign that has been celebrated for almost 20 years globally. So, this is one of our campaigns where we have gone global, where we try as much as possible to connect like‑minded organizations from around the world. Safer Internet Centres also consist of helplines, which provide information and advice to citizens, mostly children and young people, but also adults, parents, and teachers. They're really a firsthand service if users are concerned about various different, also sensitive, topics. You can see here, on the slides, challenges including, for example, cyberbullying and sexting. And then the third string is hotlines, which is mostly dealing ‑‑ hotlines are mostly dealing with child sexual abuse material with things circulating in the dark net. They're working very closely with law enforcement. And as I said in the beginning, they are coordinated by our partners, INHOPE. And last but not least, also an important and fundamental part of the work that the Safer Internet Centres are doing also includes working directly with children and young people, so youth participation is a very, very important component. Also, in the recently launched Better Internet for Kids Plus strategy introduced by the European Commission this May, youth participation should really be put in the front line of the work stakeholders are doing in order to ensure a safer and better Internet for children and young people. It's really important to include young people as much as possible, also in policy‑making processes, and also from an early stage on in decision‑making processes. This is why most of our Safer Internet Centres are also very active. They have their own national youth panels. They're working directly with children and young people at national level, and we also give them an opportunity once per year to connect at a more international and European level. The coordination of the Safer Internet Centres, the Insafe Network, is also summarized in the Better Internet for Kids Portal, a one‑stop shop for everything around online safety, media literacy education. It's a portal that is ‑‑ that you can consult under betterInternetforkids.eu. The portal is constructed in different ways. As you can see, there are different entry points at the portal, depending on which stakeholder group you are representing or which stakeholder group you are intereste