>> CAMILLE GRENIER: Good afternoon, everyone. Sounds high. Hello, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. I guess we can sit in the order -- hello, everyone. Thanks so much for joining us for this very important discussion on information integrity on climate change, a discussion that's at somehow the cross-roads of different issues. Information integrity, of course, climate change of course, and this is why we're here today in Oslo on Internet Governance and how the Internet shaped our information systems and what we can do about it to ensure reliable information on a crucial issue that is climate change. Information integrity and climate information, you will see this through the presentation of our panelist today is an important topic and we'll have some evidence from researchers and colleagues. It really delays our ability to tackle climate change and to us at the form of information and technology, it's a Democratic issue. It's a Democratic issue which climate disinformation is weaponized for political purposes and political gains. It's a Democratic issue when environmental issues are targeted, are threatened, and in the worst case are murdered. And it is a Democratic issue when access to information to facts, to knowledge is undermined and we can clearly see today that all and a lot of knowledge institutions are being targeted for doing their work. This is why at the information of democracy we don't dedicate work stream with not only states of the policy for [?] and democracy on ensuring information integrity, on climate change, and other environmental issues. This is led by Brazil and Armenia as Brazil will host, as a lot of you may know, COP30 in November and as Armenia will host COP17 on biodiversity next year. The reason we launched this work stream is because we want to make sure that the answers that will be wrote to this specific challenge also respect democracy principles, democracy principles including transparency of powers and access to reliable information and something that's really dear to our heart, the political and ideology called neutrality of information communication space and the entities that structure this information space. Because I have the privilege of being the first one to talk, I will just stress on one specific point that is related to information integrity. The fact that to have information integrity, we need people and institutions that provide reliable, independent, trustworthy information. And I would like to stress the importance of environmental [?] and the immediate where doing this work of investigating climate change and environmental issues. And to us, we need to ensure that they can do their job fairly and safely, that we have access to their facts and to their findings through social networks and throughout the information ecosystems. And that their work is also sustainable and we're doing a lot of work on the sustainability these days. So thanks a lot, I would like to thank again all our panelists today. We'll have a very important presentation on different efforts that are being done, the global initiative on -- for information integrity on climate change that is led by actually three first panelists, Brazil, UN, and UNESCO. And I will just like to start with you, Eugenio Garcia, the department of director for science, technology, and intellectual property of the Brazil Ministry of Health. If you could start by presenting Brazil's global initiative and how the idea emerge and what are the challenges you wish to address and what are the priorities for Brazil. >> EUGENIO GARCIA: Thank you very much. Glad to be here. I think that for Brazil, it's clear that climate crisis is real. It's urgent and not something for tomorrow. And Brazil has been severely affected by extreme weather events, for example, in 2023, the drought in the Amazon rainforest was possibly the worst in history. And also the flooding in the south of Brazil last year, 2024. Of course was a tragedy with many peo