>> ELIZABETH THOMAS‑RAYNAUD: Hello, and welcome to our session on Pursuing a Metaverse Based on Democratic Values. Pleased to have those of you in the room and joining us online today. Those of you that are in the room and want to take a seat at the table, we invite you to join us. Feel free. This session has been organized by OECD's Global Forum on Technology and the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan. So, I would like to start out by thanking, very kindly, our colleagues from Japan, for making this session possible, and their role hosting the IGF this year. We're extremely excited to be part of that. The Global Forum on Technology, or GF Tech as we often refer to it, provides a venue for in‑depth dialogue to foresee and get ahead of the long‑term opportunities and risks that are presented by technology. It will facilitate inclusive, in‑depth, multistakeholder, values‑based discussions on specific policy topics among OECD members and stakeholders, responding to gaps in existing fora. The discussions at the GF Tech will feed into and advance future work of relevant OECD committees or other fora. Currently, GF Tech is focused on three technologies: Immersive technologies, quantum technologies, and synthetic biology. The GF Tech will look at these technologies through the lens of three cross‑cutting themes: Sustainable development in resilient societies, responsible, values‑based and rights‑oriented technologies, bridging digital and technological divides. We're going to have a chance to hear more about all of that and how this will be pursued during this exchange, but this is a little pretext on why the government of Japan and the GF Tech team have joined forces to bring these diverse voices together and explore this path towards the metaverse based on democratic values. I have now the great pleasure of introducing you to our keynote speaker, Vice Governor Akimasa Yamashita, Vice Governor of Kyoto. Please note that Mr. Yamashita will intervene in Japanese, but his intervention is going to be subtitled here. And for those of you that are in the room, if you don't already have headsets, please grab one. You'll be able to follow the discussion this way. Vice Governor. >> AKIMASA YAMASHITA: Thank you very much. My name is Yamashita. I want to talk about the initiatives taken by Kyoto Prefecture. This is my slide, the first slide. In 794, Kyoto was capital of Japan. It has a very long history. In 1968, Kyoto Prefecture celebrated 100th anniversary. At that time, we had a lot of events. One of them was to celebrate the companies with a history of more than 100 years. When we had that event to celebrate old companies, each company introduced their principles and policies, and we compiled a book depicting all those principles of all those companies with all the histories. When I look at this book, many companies focused more on social values. It means that they focus social values. Social value is the first priority, and then the actual profit follows, eventually. And that is the policy or the priority of most of the companies with long histories. Recently, they focus more on quarterly profit. However, those companies think that it's very important to fulfill social responsibilities. Otherwise, they won't be able to survive for a very long time. Especially managers have to have a very high ethical standard. Learning from that. When we think about metaverse, there are no clear rules established yet. And I think we should bring in the idea of ethical here. Since 1995, I've been using the Internet. There are both up sides and down sides to the Internet, and I'm certain that many issues will arise in metaverse world as well. In order to create a good metaverse world, we have to ask people, the players in the metaverse, to have certain rules, ethical rules. Together with SIP council of Kyoto prefecture, a generally incorporated association, we came up with ten statements, as shown in this slide. It has to be free and o