https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-dccos-regulate-or-prevent-to-pr… (Video playing) >> We all live in a digital world. We all want to trust. >> And be trusted. >> We all despise control. >> GROUP: We are all united. (End of video) >> JUTTA CROLL: Hello, everybody. Thank you so much for the introductory film. I hand it over to Amy Crocker to welcome all our speakers and participants. >> AMY CROCKER: Thank you, Jutta. Good afternoon, good morning, and good evening for the parents joining from other time zones. My name is Amy Crocker, and on behalf of this Dynamic Coalition on children rights in the digital environment and the organization I represent, ECPAT International, I'm happy to welcome you to this Internet Governance Forum 2021 session. We would all like to be together in Katowice, but we've experienced effective online meetings. The theme is Internet United. So the Internet is bringing us together today, even with difficult circumstances around the world. So welcome. A quick note on the run of show, this is a roundtable discussion. We have several speakers lined up ready to frame this discussion, give their views. We'll also be posing questions to them and also inviting you to engage. And we really welcome that. So please feel free to use the chat to ask questions or make comments and raise your hand if you would like to speak. I believe the session is being recorded. There's a transcript, and that will be available afterwards. After the session, we submit some key outcomes and call to action to the IGF . Later in the month, we'll submit the full report to the session. We'll also have a few polling questions. Let's hope the technology works with us. I will share some instructions in the chat. I will introduce the session and then hand it back to the moderator, Jutta Croll. Why we're here today: DCCOs Regulate or Prevent to Protect Children – A False Dichotomy? An overarching question for this system is: How do we balance or align the principles of regulation of digital environments and prevention strategies to protect children? And in this discussion, we seek to explore the key IGF 2021 theme of Emerging Regulation with subthemes of content moderation, human rights compliance, data governance and trust locally and globally. Why is the theme so important in general and so important for us as a Dynamic Coalition? It's estimated that one in three Internet users worldwide is a child. This makes children a key stakeholder in all issues of Internet governance. However, their voices are too often not heard, and their rights are often not prioritized. In this session, we're focusing particularly on online violence and exploitation, including the victims of violence and exploitation and their right to privacy. We have experts on this call. The comment number 25 on children rights and in relation to the digital environment in March of 2021, it demonstrated that the rights of children online are equal to those offline. It's important to point out that the relationship of what happens online and offline between children is an important part of the discussion we'll be having today. For the Dynamic Coalition, the primary importance of children rights is also grounded in key points of legislation that are guiding us. One is Article III of the UN rights of the child. And the second at the EU level is (?) And it is a primary consideration in all actions taken by public authorities and private institutions. You know, while a few people oppose the fundamental principle of children rights or protection, including the right to protection from violence, there are different perspectives being brought to the topic of how best to approach this Chang. This is driving and being driven, of course, by a broad set of questions being raised currently about how to manage our digital world. At the core of the digital transformation being seen in many countries and different regions is how much to regulate digital online service and provider