https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2020-bpf-cybersecurity >> You can take a snapshot, a print screen of the session and use it later on while preparing the final report. I have just started the streaming. And just quickly looking at our list if for any ‑‑ for any other panelists who we are expecting. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: I think Apratim just joined and needs to be promoted. >> Nope, I don't see this person yet. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: He just sent us a message. A‑P‑R‑A‑T‑I‑M is the first name. >> Yes, he has just joined. I am promoting. So we are still missing three people at least for what I see on my list. Stephane and Isaac Morales. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: Isaac Morales is in the attendees list. As for Stephane and the others they will come in later in the discussion so I think we can actually get started without them and they can join when they're available. >> About Isaac Morales, could you please repeat. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: He's actually Gerardo Isaac Morales and he needs upgrading. >> I see, okay. I have promoted also this person. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: Thank you. >> You're welcome. Enjoy your session. Thank you. >> MAARTEN VAN HORENBEECK: Thank you very much. Excellent. And I think we have everyone and everything ready to get started. Thank you very much for joining this meeting of the Best Practices Forum on cybersecurity here on the last day of the Internet Governance Forum. I was a lead expert for the group here. And moving on to the next slide I wanted to share with you briefly the agenda for what we'll be discussing today. The first ten minutes I'll give a brief introduction. We'll then have some time for a presentation by one of our working groups within the Best Practices Forum around norms developing in cyber versus norms development in the real world. 20 minutes later, John Hering will present an analysis of new cybersecurity agreements that was performed as part of the work of the Best Practices Forum this year. We'll have time for discussion and general Q&A and finally Markus Kummer will send us on our way and after that we'll take notes from the session, work on the final publication of the Best Practices Forum in the next few weeks on the IGF website for the BPF . Moving on to the next slide, I'd like to frame a little bit what we did this year and actually the last years of the Best Practices Forum. As a group we've been meeting regularly actually for quite a few years more. But in the last three years specifically we started investigating the idea of culture norms and values in cybersecurity and started taking a close look at norms development mechanisms. That initiative started in 2018. Last year ‑‑ because the BPF ran in conjunction of the initiation of the new U.N. GTE and OEWG working groups, we had a much closer look at best practices related to operationalization of cyber norms and started analyzing stakeholder agreements for commonalities. I think what was unique about the BPF was we didn't just look at norms that were being developed at an interstate level, but we actually also took a look at norms being developed in the private sector, within civil society, but spanned across more than one stakeholder group which is typically what makes them interesting for us to review and consider in the Internet Governance Forum. This year we took a little bit of a wider approach and we started thinking about what we can learn from norms in global governance in completely different mechanisms than cybersecurity. In many ways that idea actually came from input that was given at the OEWG meeting that included civil society, because it was clear that the understanding of what is a norm and how do norms work is not universal across the entire spectrum of all norms and actors. A working group within the BPF spent some time investigating a variety of different initiatives around cyber norms and looked for strengths and weaknesses and also specifically what made them succeed and what made