https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-igfsa >> MARKUS KUMMER: My apologies to the IGFSA members, but the previous meeting, they were just so engaged, they refused to stop. Jennifer, can you inform us on remote participation? May I ask the other members of the Executive Committee to join me on the dais? And once again, can I invite those who are not planning to attend the IGFSA General Assembly to leave the room. My apologies. Our meeting was supposed to have started at half past 1:00, but the previous meeting, they were just moving on and on, and now the last people who attended the meeting are leaving the room. For the transcription, it's Markus Kummer speaking. I'm the chair of the IGFSA Executive Committee. We are holding our annual General Assembly that is called for by our bylaws, and our bylaws also say that the General Assembly is valid, regardless of the number of participants, so, unfortunately, there are many overlapping meetings, and I think the MAG members of the IGFSA had a parallel meeting, so I see some of you are here but some others are in the other meeting that are with a Secretary General of the UN, so all in is very unfortunate. And we are also told that this room will be used as an overflow room, so I think we will be cut off brutally by, I think, 2:45. So we have just about an hour at our disposal. Let's be quick and efficient. I have sent out an agenda. I don't know whether we can show that on the screen, but it is a traditional agenda, approval of the summary record of last year's General Assembly, proposed change in the Articles of Association, Executive Committee election, and then adoption of records, approval of the budget, and one agenda item on fundraising/crowdfunding, and then, again, discharge of the activity of the Executive Committee, which means essentially approval of the work of the Executive Committee and any other business. My suggestion would be that we devote -- most of the time will be for the election of the four open slots in the Executive Committee, and that will be the most time-consuming agenda item, but before doing that, I suggest that we adopt the proposed change in the Articles of Association. Again, I have informed you in writing of what it's all about, and the -- and I sent out a full Article 5 on membership, but it's just one sentence that is new, and that's introducing the notion of a member in good standing, and I'll read the sentence that we've proposed to insert. Any member who has remained current on the association's annual membership dues is considered a member in good standing. Voting rights are limited to members in good standing. Do we have agreement to approve this proposed change in our bylaws? As nobody speaking against it, can we ask -- you would like to say something? >> AUDIENCE MEMBER: No, it's okay. >> MARKUS KUMMER: You agree. Okay. May I ask those who agree to raise their hands so that we -- and I think there is, without counting the individual votes, there seems to be a majority. Can we see who is against the proposed change? There's nobody in favor -- there's nobody against the proposed change, so the proposal has been adopted, and from now on, only members who have paid their annual membership dues are allowed to take part in elections and to have a right to vote, and this is also -- our membership year is not the same as the calendar year, it goes, in essence, from General Assembly to General Assembly, so if you pay today, you have paid for the year behind you, and then you can vote today in this year's General Assembly, and from tomorrow onwards, it will be the year, essentially, 2019 from today's General Assembly to next year's General Assembly. I think we have currently more than 60 members in good standing. Is that correct? >> (Off microphone) >> MARKUS KUMMER: Okay. So that is actually not a bad percentage. We have, I think, 190 or so registered members, and a good third of them have actually paid their membership dues based on experienc