>> PEARSE O'DONOHUE: Good afternoon. Welcome to this open session, the main session on Internet Governance and Elections: Maximising Potential for Trust and Addressing Risks. My name is Pearse O'Donohue, I'm the Director of the European Commission. It is my honour to moderate this session with the vanish distinguished panel of speakers as some of whom are online, I will introduce in a moment. Just to understand what we want to get here today, over the course of this year, we have experienced the largest number of elections in history, it was a megacycle cycle of elections across the world. In the elections, we have seen in a number of places that countries have experienced cases of tech harms, technical interference or use of technology to influence or interfere with elections. The Internet brings influence to citizens and support elections during elections, it has sometimes become a tool to hinder that democratic process. So this is an issue which we must address. Already on Sunday emergency on Day 0 of this Internet Governance Forum here in Saudi Arabia, we had a session on misinformation. But now we want to focus specifically on the issues around elections and maximizing potential for increasing trust and addressing any risks that exist. So this session will therefore have a discussion on the role of stakeholders in actually protecting information and election integrity. What are the rights, what are the possibilities for action? And we really want to see how can we leverage the Internet to support informed citizen participation while mitigating the risks to electoral integrity. For that, I would like to introduce our great panel of speakers. Whom we have and I would like to start by saying hello to Ms. Sezen Yesil Director of Public Policy for Turkiye and Azerbaijan at Meta. Ms. Lina Viltrakiene Ambassador‑at‑Large for Digital Affairs for Lithuania. Mr. William Bird, who is from media monitoring Africa. And Mr. Tawfik from UNESCO. You are welcome Tawfik. And we have online Ms. Rosemary Sinclair, the outgoing Chief Executive of auDA. And Ms. Liz Orembo from RIA. You are both welcome online. It is great to see you. We can see you on stage here. So I will move to the seat. I beg your pardon, Your Excellency. This is the problem of not having paper in front of me, I'm still not adapted. We have our representative from Zimbabwe member of the Parliament, Honorable Fortune Daniel Molokele, I apologize for excluding you from the list. Thank you for being here. The way we will proceed with the panel, I will allow each panel member to make a brief opening statement in relation to a question which I will now ask. They'll have three minutes to respond. And in the good tradition of the IGF , we will then immediately allow for input from you, the audience, both here and online, to those questions. Before then I'll go back to the panelists for more detailed questions for which we have chosen specific subjects. That is how we would like to proceed. As I said, get ready. We would like to encourage your participation so that the output of this session will actually be something which we can have some well‑informed, able action measures which can be taken. And I will say if the context of the IGF , where we know that there is so much that the multistakeholder platform that this represents can do in such an important issue. So to get us going, I'm going to ask the following question to all of our panel members. ... With more than 65 countries going to polls, 2024 was marked by the biggest number of elections in history, being called the Year of Democracy. Looking in retrospect, how do you think the year went by? What worked and what didn't work? So perhaps I can turn to you, please, first of all. >> Sezen Yesil: Thank you for hosting Meta on this panel. We know that the election year was coming. And specifically for the election, we inform our election integrity work at Meta. In 2024 we ran a number of election operation centre to monitor con