>> MODERATOR: Good morning and welcome to our session on securing IOT for the post quantum era. My name is Wout de Natris - van der Borght. And I'm the coordinator for the coalition at the IGF with the People from the Coalition and together we're presenting the report we're putting out here at the IGF . First, a short word about what ISC3 coalition is. We have one overarching goal. That goal is to have long existing security-related internet standards deployed by industry. And we've been producing reports over the past five years, as we exist. And the first one was on education and skills. And so I to close the skills gap between what sub security curriculum offer and what the industry actually demands. And we identified an age gap and a skills gap and a gender gap all in one. All over the world. The second report was on IOT security and that will come back a little bit in Joao's. The third report on government procurement. We found out that governments mostly do not procure their ICT's secure by design. So it's not in that procurement prospectives. So that is something that really needs to change. If you want to have an incentive for industry to actually start producing secure products. Whether services or devices or applications, as such. Then we produced two tools. We identified the global forum of experts what are the most important internet standards to deploy interconnectivity. And we added websites because everybody thought that was extremely, extremely important to put the point of pressure on for industry, as well. Then we produced a tool kit on arguments. What arguments do technicians need to use to convince their CEOs, their CFOs, their boards of directors, et. cetera, to actually either deploy standards or procure standard secure by design. And this year we have our fourth report, which the people at the table will tell you about post quantum encryption. The way I look at it, the history of cybersecurity is: Imagine that you buy a car on the top of a mountain. And the salesman gives the keys to you and said "drive down." You start down the first bend and there's a guy saying "do you want to buy brake lights." The next bend somebody is waiving. "Would you like to have whatever seat belts." And finally, "do you need brakes?" And there's the first hair pin turn and the ravine going down. And this is what sort of happens with ICT. You buy a device and says you have to install this or buy ant virus or you have to whatever. That's something that is not normal for any other product in the world. Everything comes with sort of design for security. So I think that is what we are trying to prevent with this report. If quantum day comes and there's not security in place. The future will tell. We think it matters. And with me are the people who are going to explain why it is important. We will hear from Benoît Ampeau. We have IOCC and online e life and then we close the session with potential actions. So, first, let me give the floor to you explaining why the topic was important to take on. >> BENOIT AMPEAU: Thank you. So I'm Benoît Ampeau. We are very happy supporting this report. And I will explain why and give you some elements of context. We're a French internet industry is pleased with the outcomes from this report. We have been working for over 15 years on the internet of things. Particularly on the technical aspects and the identification of objects, as well, on security and privacy issues for civil R & D projects. More recently, like many technical organizations, we need anticipation or technical transition. And we have begun to gather the impact of post quantum on more operational aspects. As early as 2016, we organized a conference with our scientific council to raise awareness about its impacts on our increasingly digitalized societies. Since then, many things have evolved. As part of our commitment to R & D, we also have observed there are too few cities on social impacts of technologies. This is a shift for us. Try