>> JOVAN KURBALIJA: Thank you. I really enjoyed enormously this some sort of time machine with our panelists today with the Eugene and Christopher and other colleagues, and what we started is with some sort of message that in order to see forward, we have also to reflect on history and the past, especially this interplay between technology and security. And my name is Jovan and I'm the Head of Geneva Internet Platform and Director of DIPLO Foundation and used to be co‑director of High‑Level panel on digital cooperation and it's my honor to be here with you today to introduce our panelists through the time zones and through the way of what they're seeing now. I am connecting from the quite ghostly building of the UN here in Geneva, and it's empty, not only because of pandemic but it is almost 7:30. We have two of our colleagues in daytime zones. We have Izumi, UN Under Secretary General of Affairs connecting from New York, and we have Christopher Painter President of Global Forum on Cyber Expertise connecting from Washington DC , one of the first cyber diplomats from U.S. administration. Then we have two panelists who are making real efforts to join us in this night zones. First Eugene Kaspersky but I'm sure there is no need to introduce Eugene because you see Kaspersky and very well versed into the history of computer science, and that should probably be some topic for some good broadcast or even a book, Eugene. Further, today is our dear colleague Latha Redd co‑chair of the global commission of stability on Cyberspace, another experienced cyber diplomat and Latha thank you for joining us and its midnight there and it's really appreciated. Let me come back to the middle zone of Eurafrica to introduce the other panelists. Today, we have John Denton joining from Paris and John is Secretary General of International Chamber of Commerce and we have Enrico co‑Director of C3 in Africa and Chair of GFC Research Committee. That's more or less geography of today's session, and I would like to thank Chengtai, the organizer of today's session, to introduce some sort of time fairness. Usually our colleagues in Americas have to wake up early in the morning or stay late in the evening and that is some sort of rebalance in that respect. Now, today's major topic for our discussion is a question of cybersecurity, and I will just try in a few minutes to paint the canvas or backdrop of our discussion today before I pass the floor for our eminent speakers in our excellent panel. While we're all familiar with what is going on around us and how the digital technology helps humanity to have some sort of societal business continuity over the last seven or eight months, and thanks to the robust digital infrastructure, students continue to studying online, and they're provided with even a rather simple facilities, but important in the times of lockdown of ordering food or working online. And sometimes it is a given of how the technical infrastructure, how the digital infrastructure really sustained in this difficult time, and I think we should be proud, especially those of you who are involved in ensuring that the digital technology, it is major achievement. In this process of changes of what has happened, digital companies, tech companies became more important, more relevant, and more dependent on the digital technology creating new vulnerabilities, and we will address them in a few minutes. Now, this is the general backdrop. Now, more specifically, cybersecurity issues and digital policy issues are raising relevance in forums and international meetings worldwide. Now, we are finishing the first week of Internet Governance Forum and the cybersecurity has not been picking up so much, probably there was a need to have this important discussion and then to have more discussion on cybersecurity next week. Now, before I pass the floor to our panelists, I would like to ask Luis to pose the ‑‑ to put the survey to see what is the atmosphere in the room when i