>> AMALI De SILVA: Okay. I think we will start and hopefully others will join us. We have a video trip. I am going to try to share my screen with all of you. So please bear with me for a moment there. Let's see. How do I do that? Tech support ‑‑ here we go. Share screen. Hold on. Standing here. Is that visible? Okay. Thank you. So thank you vor much. So a warm welcome to everyone who is here with us today. We are the United Nations internet governance forum and coalition on eHealth technologies and we are presenting this session. Community connection to eHealth telemedicine and the medical Internet of things. So it is to bring together various stakeholders for conversation and we hope that enriches the (?) shared amongst us. So that's each shareholder group has a place they can have a conversation, ask questions and then feel better informed. I myself I'm an accountant and economists in computer science. We have lawyers and medical doctors and nurses. We have just eye full gamut of people interested in this space. In particular, we are interested in the new emerging technologies not so merging any longer of Artificial Intelligence, machine learning and so forth. Because we're very concerned about data, highway it is collected, how it is stored, how it is shared, how it is disposed of and so forth. And we also want to be able to say let's open up data. Let's think about sharing in anonymous way, non‑intrusive that's inclusive and diverse at the same time, which is very important for medical science. And serves delivery as well. We also very interested in telemedicine. We know with COVID it's very, very important. And we know that many communities are going to retain telemedicine as a preferred manner of service delivery for a large number of health situations. So this is a discussion where we're here talking about community connection. We've talking about how can the community Connect together? And this can mean international community, it can mean the regional community or national level community. It can be in a village and we're talking about how you can help each other Connect and we're talking also about the good samaritan who maybe someone who doesn't need healthcare services at the same time, but has the opportunity to support someone whether it's with technology, whether it's with devices, whether it's with skills to help someone stick on board to the Internet and so forth. So that's whats session is about. We have invited guest speakers to talk to us about what their experiences have been and what the insight are, observation are, what they think the risks are, issues are and concerns are and so forth. So session says welcome. And, ah, part 1 is a number of invited speakers and in part 2, we're going to open up the floor. First D.C members who would like to comment will make this comment as well. A number of them have worked very, very hard throughout the year on a number of sessions on the international telecommunications union at the IGF intersixal activities. We have where I went papers and have a book that's online. There's a link in the session. First that link and it is a fantastic collection of articles. And yes. So we look forward to sharing that with you and please I think that's (?) and we'll talk about that a little bit later as well. >> Amali, good morning. Here is (inaudible) ‑‑ >> AMALI De SILVA: (?) Gomez is with us on D.C. I have a video clip with him and I will play that shortly. We have from Sean Dodge from Capital Markets of the United States and he'll give an insight in investment in eHealth. I don't believe we have the number of Parliament from Canada. I'm not sure Ms. Shaw will be with us. They'll be able to join us, but we do have Lidia with us and we hope that Gerry will be aim to join us shortly online. I know he's trying to Connect but it is really not easy Connecting to this session. So anyways, so I'm going to start. Sit back, relax and listen to these YouTube videos. I'm going to try this o