https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2022-dcpr-platform-responsibilities-… >> LUCA BELLI: Good morning to everyone and welcome to this IGF 2022 session of the IGF coalition Platform Responsibility, which is this year dedicated to Platform Responsibilities in Times of Conflict. My name is Luca Belli. I am a Professor of FGV Law School where I coordinate the Center for Technology and Society, and I have the great pleasure to be the coordinator of this coalition together with my colleague, Yasmin Curzi, also from FGV Law School, who will also be so kind to co‑moderate this session with me. So, before we start and introduce our distinguished panelists, we have an impressive set of speakers, as every year discussing with us today. Let me just share a couple of introductory thoughts about our work and what we aim at doing with this session and what we have been doing over the past year, right? So, as you know, coalitions of the IGF , they have this peculiarity of working in an intercessional way, right? So, we have been working platform responsibilities since ten years ‑‑ well, almost ten years ‑‑ nine years, to be precise. And we have coined the term "platform responsibilities" eight years ago. And since then, we have agreed to analyze the impact of private orderings regimes of platforms on human rights, on democracy, on the evolution of economies. And we have debated and emphasized constantly the great role that platforms play and the responsibility they have in respecting human rights. However, there are some obstacles that become quite evident when we try to get into the details of how platforms have to respect human rights. Now, the session of today aims precisely at tackling two key issues. On the one hand, we will analyze some ongoing regulatory initiatives that will make us understand, what are the tensions, the regulatory tensions that are existing, and what are also the ways in which these tensions can be reconciled. And that is the second main point of today. We are going to present this outcome document that we have elaborated, dedicated to meaningful and interoperable transparency for digital platforms, where precisely, we try to define, what are the elements that make transparency a key ‑‑ a core element of platform governance as something that could be standardized, that could be legally interoperable, or at least semantical interoperable amongst different jurisdictions, different players, and a different jargon of different stakeholders. So, a very good example of how this is very relevant and very important issue is actually if we think about content moderation and content regulation in social media. On the one hand, we have daily examples of why content regulation is absolutely needed, starting from the weaponization of harassment and disinformation to manipulate democratic processes or to harass with violent online content specific individuals, political opponents, minorities, and how this online violence then translates into offline violence. And the problem is that while we know that governments have a duty to protect human rights and platforms have a responsibility to respect them, and they jointly have to provide remedies, effective remedies, it's very difficult to put this in practice also because there are strong incentives, to be honest, both for many governments and many platforms, not to bear their responsibility, not to fulfill their duties and responsibilities. Many governments drive things to sharing this information, and we have seen especially this during the pandemic. And many platforms have a very strong economic interest in not regulating that much, and both have fear, very strong fear, of being considered censors when they regulate content, and that is neither good for actions, for government, not very good for business, because it reduces engagement, and therefore, the core business of platforms ‑‑ stimulating sharing of information, sharing of data, at least large platforms. So, one of th