>> SHIMELESS LEMMA: Welcome to IGF2022 Opening Ceremony. Ladies and Gentlemen, the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (Applause). >> SHIMELES LEMMA: Thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister His Excellency Dr. Abiy Ahmed Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, the 17 th IGF 2022 guest of honour. Mr. Junhua Li, Under Secretary of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, UNDESA . Mr. Antonio Pedro, Acting Executive Secretary of the United Nations Commission for Africa, UNECA. Excellency, Ministers, State Ministers, Ambassadors, Commissioners, honorable national delegates, participants of the 17 th IGF , both here on site and all of you joining online, honorable ladies and gentlemen, all protocols observed. The 17 th Internet Governance Forum, IGF 2022 Ethiopia is now in session in Addis Ababa for a grand Opening Ceremony by His Excellency Prime Minister Dr. Abiy Ahmed . Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much for joining us here today for this mega forum of the world of the Internet. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a big round of applause to His Excellency, the Prime Minister who is a great advocate of digital transformation and the world of cyber evolution in Ethiopia. Ethiopia is hugely proud to be the host of the 17 th edition of the IGF and the third country on the African soil since its maiden launch in 2006. This year's grand hybrid gathering is under way under the overarching theme, Resilient Internet for a Shared Sustainable and Common Future happening here in Addis Ababa, the diplomatic seat of the African content from the 28 th of November to the 2 nd of December, 2022. To our international delegates a warm welcome to the vibrant Addis Ababa. Ladies and gentlemen, give them a big welcoming applause to our international delegates. This global multi‑stakeholder platform is a historic event for the host nation of over 120 million people, most of whom are young men and women. Ethiopia as a country has demonstrated its commitment to the same goal by developing its own national digital strategy known as Digital Ethiopia 2025 with a motto digital strategy for inclusive prosperity of Ethiopia Ethiopia also has enormous stakes in pertinent areas such as liberalizing telecom sector and drafting a data privacy policy soon to be approved by the supreme legislative body, just to mention a few. Your Excellency the Prime Minister, the 17 th annual IGF is being hosted in a fully hybrid format with the aim of accommodating the participation of stakeholders present on site in Addis Ababa or participating online in an equitable manner. This year's IGF is under way on a unique digital platform where meeting discussions are taking place in an equal manner for all participants regardless of whether they connect from the venue or any other part of the world. The program of the forum has been developed around five themes, connecting all people and safeguarding human rights, avoiding Internet fragmentation, governing data, protecting privacy, enabling safety, security and accountability, and addressing advanced technologies including AI. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, welcome to the 17 th meeting of the IGF . And it's now my pleasure to give the floor to Mr. Antonio Pedro, Acting Executive Secretary of UNECA, to give a welcoming address. >> ANTONIO PEDRO: Your Excellency Dr. Abiy Ahmed, Prime Minister of Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, Honorable Ministers, Your Excellency Junhua Li, UN Under Secretary‑General for Economic and Social Affairs. Ladies and gentlemen, it is an honour hosting you at United Nations Conference Centre in Addis Ababa. You are warmly welcome. Let me begin by extending appreciation to His Excellence Dr. Abiy Ahmed, Prime Minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia and the people of Ethiopia for hosting this event on African soil for the second time in the history of the IGF . I wish to also convey my sincere gratitude to the IGF Secretariat for