>> RAFAL WIECZERZAK: I would like to start today's panel where we will talk about AI in the Courts as an Opportunity for Economic Proceedings. Today, we would like to discuss the potential this technology in the judiciary. Mainly from the perspective of the benefits it can bring to business. On the opportunities and challenges of using artificial intelligence in business proceedings, I will be discussing today with Anna Pietruszka, expert in business models based on enable intelligence and artificial intelligence. Gabriela Bar, doctor of law, attorney at law, specialist in the area of new technology law with particular focus on artificial intelligence. And Robert Sebinski attorney at law, specialist in litigation, including commercial disputes, arbitrations and mediations proceedings. A judge in the civil department, district Court Konrad Wasik. In Poland, member of the working group on artificial intelligence Ministry of Digitalization. My name is Rafal Wieczerzak. It is my privilege to moderate this panel. Today with me the panel is moderated online with Magdalena Golonka. I would like to warmly welcome our guests who have decide to join us. I believe our discussion will be interesting. And allow us to answer the questions, the questions that is the essence of the panel. Before we start, I would like to inform you today, our panel is only 30 minutes, so be concise. The first question I would like to ask you what business expect from the judiciary in the 21st Century. >> Anna Pietruszka: To answer the question, we have to understand where the business is right now. Business globally, in my opinion, in the transition between the fourth and fifth Industrial Revolution. The fourth brought us digitalization. The focus of the fifth Industrial Revolution is a human‑centric approach as well as it should be AI driven. This is where the business sits. Let's see where the Courts globally jurisdiction is. In many places, it is only the very early beginnings of the fourth revolution. So I think the main expectation would be to fulfill the technology gap between the Courts and the business. Why it is important? It is important because the business it is nothing new to what business expects from the Court. Business expects justice. Nothing new here. But what the justice means nowadays for the business? It is the value delivered on time, follow the law and human rights and all of the regulations. But time is crucial here. So currently, you know, the dialogue between the business and courts is difficult because of the technological gap. And challenges it brings to the communicate. It really brings the frustration I guess on both sides. But certainly on the business side. >> RAFAL WIECZERZAK: Thank you for your input. Very interesting. I would like to confront your point of view with Konrad. Konrad, how do you think if the judges also feel frustrated by the fact that in their work, besides the need to focus on the ruling on serious cases a number of additional activities must be performed? >> Konrad Wasik: Good morning everyone. It is a pleasure to connect with you all remotely for this panel. European justice systems face a number of problems. The judiciary is not keeping up with modern technologies. It struggles with rapidly changing law and judges lack quick and efficient action. We may say resolving a case is like crossing the finish line, but before that, there is an entire race and the necessity to deal with many formalized and time‑consuming activities. I would like to point that it is not only about the number of cases the judge have, but also about many other tasks required by civil procedure. We may say the more activities needed and the higher is the probability it takes a court to reach a decision. To put that in context, what I mean. I mean we work on paper case files. We don't have electronic files. We have to write justification of decisions in majority of cases. In civil procedures, it is a request and the fee is small. And ma