>> NATALIE BECKER-AAKERVIK: Hello and welcome to you, our guests. Thank you to our online guests joining us. A warm welcome to Sustainable Digital Growth - Net Negative, Net Zero, or Net Positive. I'm Natalie Becker-AAkervik and I'll be your moderator for this session. It's so lovely to have you here this morning. This session will explore net digital growth. It should not reduce harm, but actively deliver environmental and societal outcomes, redefining how we measure and manage a truly sustainable digital transformation. So digital infrastructure and services are transforming our societies as we know from data centers to mobile networks, they are the key drivers of innovation and sustainability and they have a growing environmental impact that requires really a more responsible approach. Data centers are particularly important in this conversation, and in this transformation. Their power consumption has increased sharply, and is expected to continue rising. Driven by the large AI models and also global demands that we see for connectivity. By aligning infrastructure and governance and accountability with our shared global goals, this session invites really a cross-sectoral dialogue on how digital transformation can become a force for sustainability and for justice. Now, the guiding question, what kind of governance is need to ensure digitation dives net positive sustainability will be a core guiding question that we will try and answer during this session. And through keynotes and a panel discussion, we will try and do this. However, what I would like to do first is introduce the people who are going to be framing this session, who are really going to be setting the tone for us and laying the foundation for the conversations that are coming in our panel discussions. I would like to welcome John-Eivind and he is a leader at NCOM, he's responsible for digital security, artificial intelligence, and the regulation of electronic communication in Norway. He will share the stage with Nikoli who is the assistant director for digital sustainability at NCOM and he will be introducing Nikoli who has 20 years of experience as strategy consultant at the intersection of technology and innovation and sustainability. And John Eivind and Nikoli will present the case of Norway, highlighting Norway's journey for a data driven dashboard for sustainable digital governance. Please join me in welcoming John-Eivind to the stage. The floor is yours. >> JOHN-EIVIND VELURE: Thank you. Excellencies, distinguished guests, colleagues, and friends, good morning and welcome again to Day 0 of the Internet Governance Forum here. It is my honour to open a session that asks a bold, yet responsible question. How can we make sure that will digital wave we are riding becomes a net positive force for people and the planet. First of all, let me try to frame it. So where we stand today, the ICT sector alone already accounts for about 2% to 4% of global greenhouse gas emissions. And that share is likely to grow. Science-based targets require us to cut absolute ICT emission business 45% between 2020 and 2030. To stay at the 1.5 degree pathway. So although energy efficiency keeps improving, our absolute footprint still rises. Driven in particular by data-hungry AI. So we need digital infrastructure and new technology, of course, because this is powering health, it's powering education, security, and business growth. But as a society, we must also answer how do we strengthen that footprint while scaling the handprint? The positive effects that digitization can deliver. So, what does net positive mean? Allow me to try to frame digital sustainability with a simple illustration. Showing on the screen on the left block, the footprint, that is of course the negative impact of digital infrastructure and devices. Its energy consumption is carbon emitted. Its material used and biodiversity lost. Handprint on the other side, the right block, that is the positive impact. Its emiss