https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2019-strengthening-the-future-for-small… >> MODERATOR: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the round table, that's not so round. You're going to have to, like we do in the small island states, adjust accordingly based on our resources, thank you. We're good at that, so we'll just adjust. So, what's going to happen is that we are, since we don't have mics at our desk, we're going to have to share mics. So, I'm going to pass, use these mics and pass them around. Yeah. So what whenever you want to talk. Right, so, let me have a seat. So, thanks all. I know it's normally a small group of us. I believe we have is Maureen on? Yeah. So, we should have at least one remote participate from islands and I believe there are at least a few others coming from the other islands. So, let's hope they're joining us. We have some help. Is anybody online, remote, as yet? Maureen is on. Maureen Hilyard. Hi, Maureen. Hello. Anyone else? All right. Great. Thanks. So, we expect a few more to join. So, this was your working meeting, right? So, we're not presenting anything as such. But, there will be he interventions coming in from Maureen, shortly, I'll call up on her and myself with the Caribbean update and what we're going to try to do today is get our action plan sorted out and a way forward, figure out what we're going to do next. So, based on having thrown up the agenda on screen. Get the agenda back up. The first item reports on from local IGF projects. Going to ask if Maureen was ready. From the Pacific perspective. Remote audio. >> MAUREEN HILYARD: Hi, everyone. It's Maureen Hilyard from the Pacific. I unmuted my Zoom. I'm just wondering if you can hear me. >> Yes, we can hear you. >> MAUREEN HILYARD: From the Pacific, I'm not quite sure if everyone was able to get a copy of the Pacific report. >> No. >> MAUREEN HILYARD: Okay. I hope you can distribute it, actually. Or I can send it to people who, if they would like to. Or. Or, if you're members of the Internet Society, they've actually sort of put it on to their latest ISOC newsletter. Apparently, they quite like, I mean, it is very much related to the work that we're doing within the Pacific islands chapter of the Internet Society. Plus the work that the Pacific is actually involved in ICANN. But, there are sort of like several activities that really what we're trying to do is just get involved in as many different activities as possible related to internet governance and it's something that's actually sort of like certainly developing. But, as we go through the action plan, for example, some of the things we're working on in relation with enhancing the work that we're doing across the Pacific is actually sort of like becoming a little bit more progressive, I guess, in relation with the relationships we're building with regional organizations. And I know that for example, one of our sort of like key issues is establishing a, reestablishing our PaciNet which is our one sort of opportunity to gather together as a Pacific community. But, when you've got sort of like 22 countries sort of like spread across the Pacific ocean, it isn't an easy task to try and coordinate things together and he with do, so, we have to rely very much on regional organizations to sort of like support what we're doing and how we can make it more possible. And I think I'm very grateful for the support that we get for activities that we run in the Pacific from ICANN and the Internet Society and especially from APNIC have been very supportive of us and dot Asia. Sort of like we're getting aca Pacific o supports into our work and now sort of branching into New Zealand. So, I think this is where the work that we do isn't just sort of like focused on a particular country or, we have to look at what we can gather together from across the region itself. And one of the things I've just actually sort of like swapped over from the school of Internet Governance session, is it next door o