>> RIMA AL‑YAHYA: Hello. Shall we start? All right. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to welcome you all once again to Saudi Arabia. It is a country where visions become concrete and dreams become reality. My name is Dr. Rima Al‑Yahya, and I am a member of the Shura Council, and I will be moderating today's session on Building parliamentary capacity to effectively shape the digital realm. So wow, what an amazing two days it has been so far. And there's still so much to come. But what I noticed while attending the previous sessions, whether it's discussion was on navigating digital transformation, global cooperation, or developing large‑scale systems and innovation, is that the ultimate core of the talk will always stress the importance of building capacity. Yesterday ‑‑ Senator Shuaib, I am going to quote you ‑‑ stated "What you don't know you can't give." That is totally true. This session will discuss what parliaments and parliamentarians need in order to play a full role in shaping digital policies and how to build capacity in parliaments, as well as navigating the challenges and the opportunities of the digital transformation era. I would like to introduce my experts today. On my left, I have Mr. Franz von Weizsaecker, Head of Programme, Citizens Engagement and Innovative Data Use for Africa's Development, GIZ. He is heading the economic portfolio of GIZ's Office to the African Union based in Addis Ababa. You are so lucky. This includes the Data Governance in Africa initiative, a multi-donor action funded by the European Union and five European Member States. On my right, Ms. Becky Burr, ICANN Board member. Ms. Burr is a partner of Harris wilts shire. Her she focuses on data governance and cybersecurity. Prior to joining the firm, Burr was Deputy General Counsel and Chief Privacy Officer and has been involved in Internet Governance issues for more than 25 years. She was also the Director of the Office of the International Affairs of ITIA during the creation of ICANN. Also on my left is Ms. Olga Skorokhodova, Government Affairs and Public Policy, Emerging Markets, Head of Caucasus, Central Asia & Russia, Google. She is responsible for Government Affairs and policy in a number of areas. She also leads AI policy engagement projects within the Emerging Markets team covering 100‑plus countries at Google. Also on my right, Mr. Cedric Wachholz, Chief, Section for Digital Policy and Digital Transformation for UNESCO, which includes multiple artificial intelligence workstreams and the use of frontier technologies for attaining the UN Sustainable Development Goals through advocacy, capacity, and public policy developments, as well as other workstreams. So with that said, let's start with Ms. Burr. Ms. Burr, what is exactly ICANN's role in the ecosystem, and how can members of Parliament collaborate with this global organisation? >> BECKY BURR: Thank you for the question, and thank you for asking me to participate. It's a great honour to be here and to be in Saudi Arabia for my first time. ICANN has a limited but very critical role in the Internet ecosystem. Its fundamental mission is to ensure the secure and stable operation of the Internet's unique identifier systems, the building blocks of DNS, including names, numbers, and protocols. If names, numbers, and protocols don't work, your Internet content will not ‑‑ messages will not get where they need to be. So the security and stability and operational resilience of the DNS is critical. ICANN accomplishes its mission in several ways. First, it's coordinates the allocation and assignment of top‑level domains, both the so‑called generic TLDs, like com, net, and org, as well as the two‑digit country code TLD, such as .sap, .fr. Second, ICANN coordinates the development of policies concerning the registration of second‑level domains, so the .com. But in this case, only in the generic, not in the country code domain name space. Because country code domain name space policy is estab