>> LUCA BELLI: Good morning, everyone. Okay. Can we start? Excellent. Good morning to everyone. And first of all, let me congratulate everyone for being so early here after a lot of parting, especially yesterday evening for many of us. (Laughter) So, congratulations for being here. And welcome to this session on A New Generation of Platform Regulations. My name is Luca Belli. I'm professor and my co‑moderator Yasmin Curzi, we are going to moderate this session today where we are going to speak about A New Generation of Platform Regulations. And let me just provide a little bit of insight on why we have organised this session and what is the goal, what are the goals of the discussion we are going to have today before I leave the mic to Yasmine to moderate the session. The ‑‑ let's say the consensus I think we are starting to see is that there is a need to regulate platform, but what ‑‑ the point on which there is no consensus yet and is how to do it in an effective way. So, what we have been doing over the past years is really to study a lot platform responsibilities in the context of this every year since 2014 actually, so actually we are almost 10 years old. Happy birthday next year. And we have been understanding that there is an incredible influx of platforms not only on our life as users but on markets, on democracies and this enormous on human rights on democratic processes on market concentration. So we have been ‑‑ we have noticed the emergence of several type of approaches that aim at tackle this risks, the systemic risks. We have in the paper that we are going to launch today. We have tried to identify trends on this emerging frameworks especially analysing four different approaches, to some extent similar but with important differences. These four approaches are, of course, the European DMA and ASA that everyone is quite acquainted with, the Indian IT rules, the Chinese recommendations on ‑‑ Chinese on recommendations and Brazilian so‑called fake news bill. Why we have chosen this for frameworks because together they cover half of the world population, almost 50 per cent of the world population lives in either a Europe, China, India or Brazil so they are the most influential ones, but of course, they are not necessarily the best ones. It just has been a choice only to try to have the focus a little bit the starting the discussion while still covering a large portion of the world population. I don't think that I will enter into the details of the study. I will just leave the mic to Yasmin to start introducing our discussion and our distinguished speakers. So Yasmin, the floor is yours. >> YASMIN CURZI: Thank you so much, Luca. I would like to thank you all for being here, and also, I'm very pleased to be part of this Coalition. I think with this outcome is actually a reflect ‑‑ reflection of the best possibilities of, like, joining people from several parts of the world to draft ‑‑ to write about their experiences from their standpoint to ‑‑ about their initiatives of their countries regarding content moderation platform regulation, etc. So I think this collaborative work that's going to be soon in our page at the IGF website and I'm very pleased with the final outcome of it, and I hope that you enjoyed the paper. And also, if you have any feedbacks once you read or are interested in reading it, please send us emails and also if you are interested in joining the Coalition, those who aren't part of it yet, please feel free also to get in touch with me and Luca. So, without more further ado, we have several people in short time here. I would like to introduce first Sam who is joining us from Brazil on Zoom. She's Director for the promotion of free speech at the special Secretariat for social communication from the Brazilian Government. Samara? >> LUCA BELLI: Do we have Samara online? If we don't, we need ‑‑ maybe we can go directly to the next speaker ‑‑ >> YASMIN CURZI: I think she ‑‑ >> LUCA BELLI: Is she online? >> Y