https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5902/889 >> MODERATOR: Well, I think we should get started here as it's just past our time here and we have a lot to cover. Good morning and welcome to our panel "the dark side of Internet policy: How flawed policy can lead to censorship, surveillance and shutdowns." My name is Dominic Bellone from Counterpart International. We're a 52‑year‑old global development organization operating in 28 countries. Along with Mr. Robert Guerra who many of you are familiar with in this space along with our program officer, Miss Marilyn Vernon, we're leading an amazing delegation of legal scholars, media policy experts, and agenda and technology specialists whom you see before me on either side. They come from countries of focus for our program at Counterpart. Sri Lanka, Ukraine, Venezuela, and Zimbabwe. On behalf of our director of global programs, Ms. Suzanne that and our Internet governance and freedom program chief of party, Danilo Bakovic, thank you for coming this morning. In this session, we'll focus on several major issues from the front lines of Civil Society activism and legal scholarship. Computer and cyber crimes laws, social media and information manipulation, surveillance, censorship and blocking, threats to women's freedom of expression online in Sri Lanka and hate speech codes. We have a big bucket list this morning but we have a panel that's well up to the task. I won't go into lengthy explanation beyond that. Instead I'd like our panel to share with you their expertise and stories from their countries and regions. Later we'll invite you to join what we hope will be a spirited discussion. And Robert will be monitoring online traffic, so those out in cyberspace who wish to join us, we welcome your participation as well. I'll quickly go around to our panelists to give a brief introduction. First to my right, we have Ms. Iria Puyosa, academic and social media researcher based in Quito, Ecuador. She's conducted extensive research and work on social media manipulation, propaganda, and network disruptions in Latin America. Vitaliy Moroz to my left is head of the New Media division at Internews‑Ukraine, one of that country's leading media and policy NGO advocacy organizations. Andrii Paziuk is vice president of the Ukrainian Academy of Cybersecurity, he's also a noted legal scholar and a Fulbright Fellow. He also brings with him a sharp prosecutorial mind. Nalaka Gunawardene, science writer, journalist and development communication in Sri Lanka in south Asia, and he's also a self‑described one‑man troublemaking machine. Please forgive Nalaka. He's been suffering from a terrible flu this week, and he's losing his voice. But his intellect and his scholarship does not fail him. So we are pleased to have him. He spent yesterday in the hotel. So please be gentle on him. Sachini Perera is a feminist activist from Sri Lanka who works at the intersection of women's human rights and technology. She is currently doing research on technology‑related violence against women in Sri Lanka and developing a digital tool to build an evidence‑based to challenge impunity around this issue. And finally to my left, we have Mr. Earnest Mudzengi, he's a first‑time IGF participant. He's new to this space. He's the director of the Media Centre of Zimbabwe, also a part of Counterpart International, which is an information and web resource there center for freelance journalists, citizen and civic activist. Their work is largely focused on capacitating marginalized communities to report on issues that are generally sidelined by the mainstream media there. And so I want to go to Earnest first. We've had a number of bilateral meetings with our delegation. And Earnest has had a very compelling story about the situation in his country. As some of you know, that country has recently gone through what some have charitably described as a military‑assisted transition. And so what I'd like to ask you, Earnest, is can you g