>> ANTHONY WONG: Hi, Shamika. >> SHAMIKA SIRIMANNE: Hi, Anthony. How are you? >> ANTHONY WONG: (?) I think it's the feedback coming from the microphone in the room. >> SHAMIKA SIRIMANNE: Ah, okay. Now it seems to be okay. >> ANTHONY WONG: Yeah. It stopped. >> That was me. >> EDWARD SANTOW: That was me. I became the co‑host and I just muted IGF5. People in the room can't participate. >> ANTHONY WONG: Sorry. Did you say you mute the room? >> EDWARD SANTOW: Yeah. I just muted IGF5 room, which is where that sound was coming from, which means that we don't have (?). But those people won't be able to participate now. >> ANTHONY WONG: Okay. Let's wait for the tech support to see what other solutions they have. They must have counted this problem because it is already day 2 of the conference. (loud buzzing sound) it must not be you then, Ed. >> EDWARD SANTOW: I think they unmuted themselves. >> ANTHONY WONG: Okay. >> ANTHONY WONG: Ton you can hear us clearly? Okay. That's great. So I'll hang up. So Ed and Shamika, (?) mentioned all is clear to commence. >> SHAMIKA SIRIMANNE: Yeah. >> ANTHONY WONG: Thank you, Sofera. Thank you. So welcome, everybody, for our next session, apologize for the technical divvies ‑‑ difficulties. Ply name is Anthony Wong and I'm dialing in from Sydney. Today we have Ed Santow who is the Australian human rights Commissioner and he's also joining us from Sydney. And joining us from Geneva is Shamika who heads the U.S. secretariat for signs and technology and also director untag. So welcome to our panelists and speakers. My apologies again for the late start. We look at issues from the ‑‑ from the northern to the south to the east and west. And, ah, to celebrate our anniversary. ‑‑ the AI learnings from all his works over the years. We looked at the rembrandt project with the master art looking to create new work from Rembrandt. AI‑DA gives evidence. You will see a participating of the late queen that was painted by IA‑DA robot herself. This particular inquiry to the house of Lords created controversy. It shows you the shaping of where we're going with the technology. So my presentation is really collective of a series of things that I have done over the last few years in writing a column on the Australian on AI for a number of years. And this talk short session that I'm giving is really a compilation of the lectures given in the Australian employment and in other parts of Asia, Geneva and (inaudible) and Brazil and Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe and also you can get more details of my talk on the two publication from springer, which I have listed on this page. A as I mentioned, I spoke in Cambodia recently in AI and employment. I know Shamika will be speaking on the perspective of the developing countries shortly. And this particular issues with employment in developing countries were mentioned in the recent report by untack on technology innovation 2021 and I noticed there was a huge coverage on labor and labor skills and robots and AI replacing labor in developing countries. So just like to highlight when I get this talking Cambodia. We look at how robots and Artificial Intelligence might displace workers working in the field in the Aussie region. And recently, I spoke on IP and AI at the Asia conference in Sydney, which was also briefly touched on by untack's report on technology and innovation particularly in terms of the diffusion and the sharing of intellectual property from the north to the south. My paper was published and we look at this particular study by felt. We're looking at study where they look at 36 principles across the board of and you can see on the slide how one particular area is much more mentioned than others. It is particularly a discrimination 100%f those principles that were locked at and privacy at 97%. But what about ethics? In one of my talks ‑‑gave a talk of ethics and that was a perspective for me because I had to share my technology and legal perspective on AI to a group of Buddhists l