https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5902/1004 >> Good morning. Calling all speakers to the podium, anyone that should be on the stage. We will start about 10:30. It is a large room and a strange configuration. We ask everyone to come close to the front. We want it to be an engaging discussion and have you part of the conversation. Please come closer to the front of the room. Maybe look towards the speakers if you twist your chairs a little bit. Thanks. >>VIDEO: Everybody has the right to receive information. >> RACHEL POLLACK ICHOU: Hello, good morning, I'm sure many of you are tired after a long week and APC party last night. Thank you for coming. My name is Rachel Pollack Ichou. I am an associate program specialist at UNESCO. And for many years, I worked on a series of reports called world trends and freedom of expression and media development. You will find them scattered along the tables by our friends Chris Buckridge who will be our super special Rapporteur who will take notes and give a summary at the end. To give you a quick overview of the panel, before we get started, we will start with a short teaser video about the report. Then we'll hear opening reports from Anna Cara fel, which has generously supported this project. Next, we'll have a presentation by my colleague Guilherme Canela Godoi from UNESCO office in Montevideo. Who will report on the trends of the report. After that an interactive discussion with subject matter experts on each of the thematic areas within the world trends report. So speaking on media freedom, we have ‑‑ you told me how to say your last name, I have forgotten. Florence Poznanski, Florence Poznanski from the Internet without borders, Brazil chapter. We will have Claudio Lucena, a law professor from Brazil talking about algorithms and interesting things. On media independence, Peter Micek from Access Now. We were going to have a speaker on the safety of journalists, so she wasn't able to make it. If there are journalists in the room, people on media development, feel free to jump in the conversation then and I'll say a few things on that topic. We'll have cross cutting themes looking at the gender equality dimensions of freedom of expression and media development. We have Bishakha Datta. From Point of View in India. Last subject matter expert is Thomas Schneider from OFCOM, one of the organizers of this week's event that will speak about overall trends, global Internet governance and the impacts it has on freedom of expression and media development. So with that, I will hand it over to Guilherme to show a short video. >>VIDEO: Everybody has a right to freedom of expression. That is the right to expression yourself and send and receive expression. UNESCO has studied this. >> I think we're at the right of new technology. >> Democracy and freedom are natural partners. We've noted a decline of both. In media, we will say first the violence. Two journalists are killed every week and most of the crimes go unpunished. >> Freedom of expression is the D.N.A. that powers democracy. So we have to fight to make sure that the freedom of expression is there. >> Do I think there is need for more clarity and transparent about who decides the distribution and creation of content. >> (?) the literacy programs to build the critical minds in the agenda moved appropriately. >> It is in our interest to deepen and open media as a critical source of information. So do yourself a favor. Read through the world trends (?) (audio distorted) Because we need to do some changes. (Video ended) >> RACHEL POLLACK ICHOU: That is out at a theater near you. Ha‑ha. Now, I will give the microphone to my colleague Guilherme Canela Godoi. Apologies. Yes, I switched it over. Excuse me. To Anna from CETA who will give us opening remarks. >> ANNA: Thank you so much Rachel and UNESCO for convening this conversation and this important report which we are proud to partner with you on. Our support to the report goes back to the 