>> Ladies and Gentlemen, yes, we are starting. Can I invite our honorable participants and esteemed experts to the panel. Thank you. Dr. Brownlee, we are waiting for you. Excellencies, honorable participants, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the United Nations Office of Counter-Terrorism Programme Office on Parliamentary Engagement in Preventing and Countering Terrorism, we would like to welcome you at the side event which is dedicated to the parliamentary approaches to the use of information and communications technologies in counterterrorism in accordance with the United States Security Council Resolution 1373. And it is my great pleasure to invite here at this stage with the opening remarks, His Excellency, Dr. Ahmed Almohanadi. Dr. Ahmed, thank you. (No English translation) >> AHMED ALMOHANADI: I would like to welcome you all to this session, which is really a special session in relation to terrorism and the impact of technology in terrorism, as we see in today using the ICT and also artificial intelligence. It's not only in one field, but it is in so many fields, as we see today. And we cannot really count the fields that's gonna be impacted by the growth and the development of AI on different aspects of life. And this session really is going to be focusing on terrorism and how ICT can help and really help avoiding these things to happen to humanities. As we see today, we are in a small village, in a global network, and from that global network, we have to realize that we as a human, if we don't take care of our planet, take care of ourself, we will end up somewhere that no more we will be existing, because of our utilization wrong ways for technology and artificial intelligence. Thank you very much. >> Your Excellency, thank you so much for your insightful speech and for your support and, of course, for the support of the Shura Council for the State of Qatar for all the work our programme office is doing. Now it gives me a pleasure to invite here at this stage the Chief of the UNOCT Programme Office on Parliamentary Engagement, Mr. David Alamos. Please. >> DAVID ALAMOS: Thank you very much, Murad. Good morning, excellencies, honorable participants, esteemed colleagues, ladies and gentlemen. It is a great honour to welcome you all to this important event, organized on the margins of the Internet Governance Forum here in the beautiful city of Riyadh. I would like to thank the team of Saudi Arabia and IGF for hosting and organizing this critical global platform, as well as to each of you for your commitment to addressing one of the most pressing challenges of our time: Terrorism and its evolving complexities in the digital age. At the outset, I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude to the Shura Council of the State of Qatar for its unwavering and continued support to the Office on Parliamentary Engagement in Preventing and Countering Terrorism. I wish to extend my appreciation to all participants joining us today, including representative from parliamentary assemblies, members of national parliaments, government of member states, international organization, media, academia and civil society, both in person and also online. I would also like to convey our gratitude to our expert panel comprised of distinguished representative of parliaments of security and -- with whom we have co-organized this event, the Parliamentarian Assembly of the Mediterranean, the Committee Executive Directorate, and the UNOCT Global Programme on Cybersecurity and New Technologies and other international experts on counterterrorism, ICT and artificial intelligence. Excellencies, terrorism remains a persistent global threat transcending borders, nationalities and beliefs. The international community through proposed frameworks such as the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1373 has provided a roadmap for coordinated action. National parliaments are serving as the bridge between international obligations and their implementation through effe