https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-internet-jurisdiction-policy-netwo… >> MODERATOR: All right. Thank you so much. Welcome to you all. Welcome to the Internet practice and jurisdiction policy network. It is four minutes after the time. So we want to keep with this good practice. I'm the Executive Director of the Internet and jurisdiction policy network. I am very happy to see you here. Thanks for taking the time to hear more go what Internet interaction is doing. I see some familiar faces, but I am also extremely happy to see other actors that I hope will be excited about the continuicsna we address and also the methodology that we try to implement. So without perter adieu, I want to start maybe with the first slide which is to basically say why. You know that people have solutions to problems or to at least the problems that they see. So they come to a place and they fight around their solutions. They don't spend enough time to think about what is the problem that they're trying to address. In particular, is there a way for them to have this as a common problem and radiof ‑‑ internet and tradition and we will explain in more detail later on what was graded in 2012 and we spent a is of the amount of time to identify what are the issues that need to be addressed when we talk about the tense between the cross‑border Internet and national jurisdictions. You will see we have three problems that have corn create issues, but what I want to highlight is this general architecture of as have we guy that we're familiar with is embedded and bugging fully in the international organizations like the one that we are in today. This international system is based on a fundamental principle of the separation of territory early base sovereignty. They're a huge challenge in the ‑‑ they're a huge challenge and all the application it supports is cross border interactions not as a rare exception, but as the practical daily norm. So in order to address the issues that come from this conflict between the cross‑border Internet and national jurisdictions which is what is the digital society that we want to build together? Who sets the norms? Who implements them? Who enforces them? We have to reconcile three objectives that are often presented as impeaching and we believe can be reconciled. And as you see here, they have a cross border intermet that we care about, we need to reconsile the fight against abusers. And the list seems to expand by the day. Preserve human rights and at the same time, entering a vibe rapt digital economy . When I say vibe rapt, it means it can work for small actors like big actors. And I insist on this, I use the word reconcile rather than balancing. Balancing always gives an impression you have to sacrifice anything. You correct those three things together. So that's the general landscape. As you will see, we will present the work that is being done in three very concrete issues that are often in the press and that require a careful cores. Those three topics are how do you insure when a crime is committed somewhere, you have authorities to have the capacity to Robbtain the information, digi‑related studies needed to conduct the conversation across boarders? The second 1 is what are the rules that should apply to the take down or the reflections of content or major user generated platforms? And the third one is under which conditions should or could a domain name in the DNS system be taken down because of the activity of the content on the site underneath? So with that, I will give the floor to Paul who is the deputy director to explain a little bit more what the organization is about and the activities and we will then go among other things to the three moderatorsf the content Group discussing each of those issues at the moment. Paul, you're next. >> PAUL GHENT: Welcome, everybody. So for those of you who don't know the Internet and jurisdiction policy network, very briefly. It is a multilife stinger holder. It sched