>> MODERATOR: Good afternoon, good morning, everyone, and where you are and welcome to this session. Focus on the presentation of the South‑South Report on Harnessing Digitization. This report was prepared with UN Economic Commission and South‑South Cooperation. And why we have this report? Why we prepare together this report for several reasons. First, digitalization for a new frontier for Africa in standardization. It can provide new form for verification in the continent. We have seen a lot of progress on digitization, development of startup tech, also the development of a new technology in the continent. I can give you some example. For example, between 2020 and 2021, the number of FinTech startups has tripled to 5,200 startup in 2022. Also, according to the several studies, such as the study produced by Google, Africa Internet economy has the potential to reach 5.2% of the GDP in 2025, estimated on $180 billion. And this projection also by 2050 it will represent 8.5% of the continent GDP. This will reach around $712 billion. In this context, we need as a UN key flavor in the continent to provide guidance or to have a diagnostic on the continent where we are and how we can take opportunity of this novel technology to digitize the continent to get profit off of this new excellent new contribution to the GDP. And while we collaboratively UN Economic Commission for Africa and United Nations office for South‑South cooperation conducted this study. I will give the floor to my colleague Ane for United Nations office for South‑South cooperation to present the report before we open the panel to discuss with our distinguished panelists today. We have five distinguished panelists, two online, and three in person. On line we have Mr. Marvala Director of United Nations University. He will be joining us by, I will be online. I think Dr. Marvals aonline and civil society is yes or no line. I have on my left my brother and friend a long time ago since Rwanda, and it will be one of the key panelists Senior Advisor of digital transformation. You are based now in Japan, I think. You come back home. On my left, honorable Susan Dusy member of Parliament of Malawi, and last but not least, Dr. Nekesh University of North Carolina in Japan. It will be very nice because I'm going to moderate my brother, my sister, and I will not ask you question, just we are going to discuss. Now, to start, let's have the video of Hany because it's too late where it is now. And for 15 minutes to have a presentation of the report before we go through to the discussion. Thank you. >> HANY BESEDA: Dear distinguished guests, ladies and gentlemen, I am Dr. Hany, senior program advisor for the UN office for South‑South cooperation in New York City. It is my sincere pleasure to be speaking on the forth coming UN office for South‑South commission, initiative and report on the subject of South‑South cooperation for harnessing digitization for Africa's industrialization. I'm sorry I cannot be with you in person, but I have prepared a short presentation on the subject on today's session and deliberations. Industrialization Africa and the South‑South cooperation, Africa's structure transformation has long been advocated with industrialization as the key strategy to increase productivity, improve economic efficiency across different sectors, revenue generation, employment creation and value chain development. Digitization has the potential to change the narrative, soft and hard infrastructure deficits, human capital skills constraints and a poor business enabling environment that can be addressed. Digitization Africa has the current challenges of poor implementation of industrial policies, lack of investments in technological upgrades, inadequate willingness to engage in industrial experimentation and lack of feedback system. Nonetheless, recent decades have seen significant improve wills in aspects of Governments such as in Ethiopia and Ghana. South‑South cooperation office s