>> HADIA ELMINIAWI: I can hear Dr. Maha loud and clear. >> MAHA ABDEL NASSER: Hadia is saying she can hear me loud and clear, so you have a problem with your headphones. >> HADIA ELMINIAWI: Let us know when you would like to start. >> We are ready, Hadia. >> It's working. >> HADIA ELMINIAWI: Thank you so much. >> The tech team to display the Zoom on the screen once again, please. >> HADIA ELMINIAWI: Okay. Thank you. >> You are on the screen. >> HADIA ELMINIAWI: Okay. Noha, let me know when you want me to start. Do I start now? >> NOHA ASHRAF ABDEL BAKY: Please feel free to start. We are all here with you. >> HADIA ELMINIAWI: Okay. Thank you so much. So, okay. So, I am starting? Welcome, everyone, to the Internet Governance session at the IGF in Saudi Arabia, "Navigating Risks and Innovation in the Digital Realm." First, I would like to thank the forum and our host for their excellent organization and welcoming atmosphere. My name is Hadia Elminiawi, Chief Expert at the National Telecom Regulatory Authority of Egypt. However, I am here today in my capacity as a member of ISOC Egypt and Chair of the Africa Regional at Large Organization AFRALO at ICANN. I am also a member of ICANN Security and Stability Advisory Committee. I am an engineer by training and hold a Master of Science in management and leadership. Today I will be speaking and co-moderating this session with my colleague, Ms. Noha Ashraf Abdel Baky -- Mrs. Noha Ashraf Abdel Baky, who is on site in Saudi Arabia. Mrs. Noha Ashraf is a support engineer at Dell, member of ISOC Egypt, and an instructor at the Pan Africa Youth Ambassador IG. In today's session, we will be exploring the risks that accompany digital innovation, including cybersecurity threats, ethical dilemmas and other emerging challenges. Our discussion will focus on strategies and frameworks for harnessing innovation while effectively managing and mitigating associated risks. We are honored to have with us today Dr. Maha Abdel Nasser, a distinguished member of the Egyptian parliament. Dr. Maha is Vice President of the Social Egyptian Party and one of the founding members. She has been an executive on the salvation front and has been elected as a member of the Supreme Council of the Egyptian 62nd Cat of Engineers, holds an engineering degree, an MBA and a Ph.D. degree in political marketing. She is also a certified instructor at the American University in Cairo, the Arab Academy for Science and Technology, and the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt. We are honored as well to have with us online today Mr. Caleb Ogundele, an accomplished Internet public policy expert. Caleb is a dedicated volunteer with ISOC Nigeria and the Manitoba Chapters and currently serves as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Internet Society, chairs the Nigerian School on Internet Governance, and was a former management lead of the information technology unit for the University of Ibadan Distance Learning Center, and the Project Director at the African Academic Network on Internet Policy. He also volunteers as an -- he's also an instructor at the African Network Operating Group. Caleb holds two Master's Degrees in Computer Systems and Information Science. Noha will be managing the queue both on site and online. We look forward to an engaging and insightful discussion. Thank you for joining us today. Without further delay, let me start with my first question to Dr. Maha Abdel Nasser. It's an honour to have you on site with us today on this session. And thank you for your time and effort and shared thoughts. My first question to you is, what are -- in your opinion, what are the primary risks accompanying digital innovation? >> MAHA ABDEL NASSER: Thank you very much for ISOC and for Internet Egypt. I'm glad to be here, honored to be with all of you. Thank you for the audience for being here. Actually, when we are talking about the threats for digital transformation or digit era, the first thing that will definitely get in our mi