>> ANNOUNCER: Please welcome to the stage, the moderator, Nikolis Smith. >> NIKOLIS SMITH: I hope everyone was able to get a bite to eat and their stomachs are replenished and ready for more IGF 2025. So, today's session, the title of today's session is "Safeguarding Democracy in the Digital Age: Legislative Priorities and Policy Pathways." This session gathers members of parliament from across the globe to discuss how digital technologies are impacting democracy and what legislative and policy actions are being taken to preserve democratic institutions and trust. Again, my name is Nikolis Smith. I'm the Founder and President of StratAlliance, supporting public-private partnerships and technology policy engagement. Now, before we call our distinguished panel to the floor, we have to start by recognizing a familiar face that I am going to call out in just a second. He's been an advocate for the IGF since its existence. Please welcome Junhua Li, Under-Secretary-General of the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs. >> JUNHUA LI: Distinguished members of the parliament, dear colleagues, good afternoon. It is my great pleasure to welcome you all to the Parliamentary Track of the IGF 2025 in Lillestrøm. As we convene this important meeting, our purpose is very clear, to bring legislators together with all the other stakeholders to shape digital policies and legislative frameworks to ensure that an open, inclusive, and secured Internet for all. Under the overarching frame of the IGF 2025, building digital governance together, we will focus on the critical need for the international digital cooperation to address today's digital challenges. Among the most urgent of these is the imperatives to protect the freedom of expression, while combating the rampant misspread of misinformation and disinformation. The ability to speak freely, access accurate information, and engage in an open online discourse is the backbone of the democratic societies. Yet, these fundamental rights are being tested not only by the disinformation and censorship, but also of the rights of the powerful technologies like the generative AI, further aligns between the fact and fiction challenges our very understanding of truths. We face profound challenges from the forced narratives that are in the partnership institutions to the disinformation campaigns that threaten the peace and stability. The digital environment demands new approaches that uphold human rights, while preserving civic space. At the same time, we must ensure that the responses to these threats do not infringe upon the very freedoms we seek to protect. Navigating the terrain is pivotal. You have the authority to craft the legislation that safeguards the freedoms of expression and access to the information, promote media and the information richer and strengthen the resilience of democratic discourse. You can foster a digital environment with the right to express diverse views is protected and respected. And the reliable fact-based information is prioritized over the manipulation and distortion. This is how we can ensure that the innovation and inclusion advancing in lockstep with human dignity and safety by actively engaging in this forum, you are not only contributing to a vital global down lock on the digital policies, but also shaping the national frameworks that reflect these shared values. I appeal and urge of you to carry the outcomes of our discussions here in IGF 2025 back to your respective parliaments, driving continued momentum and policy coherence at both national and regional levels. We have seen encouraging progress while expanding the parliamentary engagement in national and regional IGFs from West Africa to the Asia Pacific. Conversation is essential. We are eager to learn from your insights and the national experiences and identify the new avenues for collaboration. Let us strengthen this engagement and champion digital governance that respects the freedom of expression, address