FINISHED TRANSCRIPT 12 th ANNUAL MEETING OF THE INTERNET GOVERNANCE FORUM 2017 SHAPE YOUR DIGITAL FUTURE! GENEVA, SWITZERLAND 19 DECEMBER 2017 WS76 MULTISTAKEHOLDER GOVERNANCE OF THE DOMAIN NAME SYSTEM, LESSONS LEARNED FOR OTHER IG ISSUES 9:00 LOCAL TIME ROOM XXI‑E >> CHAIRMAN: Okay. Good morning. It's 9 o'clock so we will get started. One of our panelists may be still in the queue, but let's get started. We have 90 minutes at our disposal. We have a very big panel. So that will be challenging to make sure that everyone can speak a little bit. We seem to have more panelists than people in the room. We don't talk about audience very early on at the IGF . They're participants. You consider yourself active participants in this session. Now, it is quite complex multi‑stakeholder governance of the domain name system, lessons learned for other IG issues. The first question ‑‑ one of our panelists is not here yet. Lori Schulman wanted to take on this question, but actually the prep session with panelists showed it may be that we have different views on how we work. So let's see how it goes. I will not introduce the panelists. I think most people in the room know them all, but I will ask each of them when they take the floor to introduce themselves briefly. As Lori is not here, Keith Drazek volunteered to give it a go on the first question. Please, Keith. >> KEITH DRAZEK: Good morning, everybody. My name is Keith Drazek. I'm involved in ICANN space stakeholder group. So since most of us in the room are familiar and some of us intimately familiar with ICANN and the sort of the multi‑stakeholder structure within ICANN, I won't spend a lot of time on it, but for those of us watching remotely, I will give a brief overview. The management of the domain name system within ICANN is set up in a number of different structures. There is primarily the gTLD or the generic top level domain space and the country code name space. Or the CCNSO. The generic name supporting organization and the country code name supporting organization are the policy making bodies within ICANN focusing on the domain name space. Specifically within the generic name space, the GNSO, there are many, many different stakeholders. Within that space, there are two houses within that organization, there are two houses, the contracted party house which is comprised of registries and registrars. It is the wholesalers of domain names, the master database and the registrars are the channel or the retail points of purchase for a domain name. So the contracted party house are those entities that have contracts with ICANN or the sale and management of domain names. The non‑contracted party house includes essentially everyone else which has commercial interests, non‑commercial interests, business, intellectual property, user interests and the range of different participants. And it is ‑‑ I'll just focus specifically on the GNSO for now. The GNSO is sponge for policy making ‑‑ responsible for policy making through a policy making process, which is a process explicitly included in ICANN's bilaws and that is a mechanism by which the community, the broader community can impact the policies around domain names and essentially the contracts that registries and registrars have with ICANN. So it is in a sense one of the grand bargains was that a recognition that the contracted parties registries and registrars in ICANN recognized that through a formal process called a PDP, there is the opportunity for the rest of the community in a multi‑stakeholder engagement to impact the policies, the procedures and essentially the contracts that govern our industry. So this is I think what we're here to talk about today and I think we'll talk about some of the positive experiences, some of the challenges that we've seen and that we currently and continue to see and I look forward to a robust discussion. So, Markus, if there are any questions, I'm happy to take them, but maybe we can move on. >> MARKUS KUM