https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2022-ws-183-digital-wellbeing-of-you… >> I think we'll take a few minutes for people to file into the room. But our remote speakers should be aware that the session is now about to start. They should already see the room? Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. Okay. Good afternoon, good morning, everybody. We are going to start the workshop number 183, digital wellbeing of youth, and we will be talking about selfgenerated sexualised content. We will have a look at this issue on the one hand on the legal regulations that we already see in many countries. And we will contrast that with the perception of young people themselves who are in the situation that they probably face even legal problems when they produce selfgenerated sexualised content. I am working for the German Opportunities Foundation. There I'm responsible for a project called Children Slides Digital, and we've spread some of our postcards around here so that all the documents we are talking about can be found in our website so that you don't need to write everything down. Just refer to the website, and then you will be able to check out the documents that we are referring to. We would like to begin our session today with talking about what does it mean, selfgenerated sexualised content? I do think we have several different perceptions of what is selfgenerated, what is even sexualised content, and therefore I would like to refer firstly to our first panelist, which is Professor Sonia Livingstone, from the London School of Economics, and Sonia, I hope can you hear us. I hope you are connected to the session, and the floor is yours. >> SONIA LIVINGSTONE: Thank you so much, and I hope on my side that you can hear me clearly. And it's a pleasure to join this session and discuss this very important topic. So I want to give a few remarks from a child rights perspective, setting out some questions of definition and framework, and for those who don't know, the U.N. convention on the rights of the child sets out children's rights as an obligation for all signatories, which is all states in the world apart from the USA, and the committee on the rights of the child has been elected by those states that ratified the convention to scrutinize their progress in implementing children's rights. And the Committee makes recommendations on measures to strengthen compliance for children's rights including producing what are called general comments, which are, if you like, the committee's jurisprudence, the committee's thinking on how the convention applies in relation to a particular domain. So general comment 25 is what I want to talk about, which is the newest general comment, and specifically addresses the role of the convention on the rights of the child in relation to the digital environment. And it was informed by a very considerable global process of consultation that some of those are here, I know, have been part of the consultation included experts, stakeholders, and importantly also children. So it's a bit of authoritative international soft law, if you like, adopted in early 2021, and welcomed on its adoption by the World Health Organization, the ITU, UNESCO, OECD, We Protect Global Alliance, and so forth. Several of those are going to participate in this session today. To my mind and I think for many, it kind of marks a real change in relation to Internet governance, and it marks a real change in ensuring the recognition of children's voices, children's needs, and children's rights. So coming to our topic now, in relation to harmful or we might say potentially harmful sexualised content, which is where the general comment gives most of its focus in relation to sexualised content, the general comment, the committee on the rights of the child, emphasizes the responsibility of both states and businesses in, quote, taking all appropriate measures to protect children from risks to their right‑to‑life survival and development. And it locate