https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2018-human-rights-gender-youth >> MODERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the human rights, gender and youth session. We're going to have an interesting discussion. For setting the scene phase, to explain the sequence and the dynamics of the work for this afternoon, I would like to pass the floor to MAG member Renata Ribeiro. >> RENATA AQUINO RIBEIRO: Welcome, everyone. I am doing a quick explanation on how the session will work. You will have the speakers here that will speak in the order that they are here from my right to left and they will each speak three minutes each and then you are the speakers. This chair is yours. We are going to have a roving mic and we're going to walk around you and we're going to ask you for contributions and insights to this theme. Our theme is human rights, gender and youth as a direct link to Internet governance. So I really hope you feel inspired to become a speaker today and join this amazing team and we have a very fruitful discussion. Thank you. >> MODERATOR: Thank you very much, Renata. As you know, the IGF has been under severe criticism and a need for more concrete outputs over the past years. The developments that we need in digital policy is particularly important and I think we do have a couple of interesting initiatives where the forum has helped advance important policy and important questions in the realm of gender, of youth and of human rights. So in this session here, our speakers in their first round, they're going to address three of the questions that are proposed in the panel. First is how do the themes human rights, gender and youth intersect with Internet governance primarily? The second is what has been done so far in this intersection of debate that should be highlighted in terms of policy? And the third item we're addressing is what is urgently lacking in this thematic intersection debate that should be formulated, publicized or adopted as policy. Thank you. You have the floor. >> I maim is Madeline. We've been tasked with considering policy declarations in the digital space and we've set out sort of three main focus areas. One is that we're going to be looking at values and principles of digital cooperation which, by the way, is really refers to sort of multistakeholder collaboration around digital issues. Two, its methods and mechanisms and, three, we've outlined a series of action areas one which is going to be human rights and human agency. Although I'm here as a speaker on the panel, my role is primarily to listen because what we're doing in this process of cocreating these policy recommendations is really to engage with stakeholders and where youth and gender really come into our work is that we're really trying to focus on underrepresented groups and making sure that their voices are incorporated into policy debates. I'll maybe just outline a few themes that have been emerging from our consultations and from what we've been hearing. One is to focus on human rights but to pay attention to human agency as well. That means we might talk about things like access but what's really important is that we ask what kind of agency do we have to capitalize on that access? What kind of control do we have over the content we see, the way that we use digital technologies? Two, there's a clear avoidance of tech solutionism. Making sure we talk about how we can leverage tech for good. And three, a return to analog structures of the need ‑ the protection of human rights and really needing to kind of strengthen those, to bear the digital load. So, yeah, as I said, the important thing that I want to emphasize here is our outreach strategy and making sure that we're reaching out to underrepresented groups, in making sure that women's voices, that are traditionally marginalised are included and engaging with young people as well. >> MODERATOR: You're addressing by those dimensions the hardest issues in multistakeholder in gen