>> EMILY TAYLOR: Hopefully this works now. Hello, everybody. Welcome to this session, which is on behalf of the dynamic coalition on DNS issues. The recently revived dynamic coalition, I should say, and it's great to see so many of you in the room and online. Today, we're going to be discussing Closing Governance Gaps, New Paradigms for a Safer DNS. We've got a wonderfully expert panel, both here in the room and online, who I'll introduce in a moment, but we also have many experts in the room, and also I'm assuming online. Because we have so many speakers, we're going to try and just move quite rapidly through questions, but we're also keen to hear from you. So if there is something you want to intervene on, a question that you want to ask, a challenge that you want to pose either to the panel or to us just generally, that's the point. And if we have time at the end, we can maybe talk a little more about the dynamic coalition and what it does next and how it organizes itself, but we have got an incredibly substantive load of issues to discuss. Luckily, we have wonderful experts to help us on the way. So we are talking about governance gaps and a safer DNS. There's always been a traditional sort of separation, if you like, between the more structure layers of the Internet and content issues, and both regulators and industry and the multistakeholder bodies, such as ICANN and the top‑level domains, they've understood these lines. When we're thinking about harmful content, sometimes the lines become blurred. What this reveals is gaps in the way they're governing this. What we're hoping to get to today is an exploration of what those gaps are, and also try to be action‑oriented, like, what are we going to do about it? What does good look like? Joining us on the panel, we have Keith Drazek, the vice president of policy and government relations at Verisign. Thank you, Keith. To my right, your left, Esteve Sanz, head of the multi‑stakeholder dialogue at the European Commission. Further on, we have Jia Rong Low, managing director for Asia‑Pacific at ICANN. To my left, Jennifer Chung, director of corporate knowledge at DotAsia. Somewhere, maybe in the building, maybe joining us later, Jean-Jacques Sahel from Google. Online, we have Fiona Alexander. I'm not sure if she is connected yet, but I'm going to introduce her anyway. Distinguished policy strategist and fellow at the Internet Governance Lab at American University. Also joining online is the general manager at LACTLD, Rocio de la Fuente. We have a range of experts from across the globe, a warm welcome to particularly Rocio and Fiona for joining online. Can I start with you, Keith? Could you just give us a very rapid thumbnail sketch about what we're talking about? You know, why are we talking about governance gaps? I mean, we thought that we understood all of this stuff was separate, so what are the gaps and why does it matter, and how do we create that safer DNS paradigm? >> KEITH DRAZEK: Very good. Thank you, Emily. Hi, everybody, I'm Keith Drazek. I want to thank Emily and her team at the research federation, and my colleague, Nick Smith, getting the dynamic coalition on DNS issues back up and running. It was first established approximately five or six years ago. It was focused primarily on universal acceptance issues in its origin. During the pandemic phase, it went dormant. We have now recognized that this is a critical, you know, convening opportunity to talk about these issues. We're very excited about the re-establishment of the DC ‑DNSI, and let's get right into it. So, Emily, thank you very much for the introduction. I think the key point here is that it's really important for those of us in this space, whether we are operators or folks who have a concern about DNS issues, security, online harms broadly speaking, to recognise that there are roles, responsibilities, and capabilities of various actors, and whether that's a registrar, a registry, CDN or ISP. When it comes to