https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-day-0-event-47-bringing-practic… >> ARNAUD DECHOUX: I think we can start now. >> KATERINA MEGAS: Sorry. This is Katerina. Before we get started ‑‑ (Video plays:) >> We all live in a digital world. We all need it to be open and safe. We all want to trust. >> And to be trusted. >> We all despise control. >> And desire freedom. >> BOTH SPEAKERS: We are all united. (End video.) >> ANDREW DECHOUX: Hello, everyone. Can you hear me? Yes, I think you can. Thank you very much for joining our workshop, Bringing Practical Tools to the Global Community to Secure ICT Supply Chains. This session is organized by GEODE, Cigref, Kaspersky as co‑chairs of the Paris Call Working Group, and by ORF America. My name is Andrew Dechoux. I'm Public Affairs Manager as Kaspersky. As you know, cyberattacks against ICT supply chains are massively increasing today. We've seen in the media recently various examples. To counter this threat, some good solutions have already been proposed and implemented in different regions. However, we lack a common response framework that's shared and implemented by every concerned stakeholder across the globe. So the objective to this session is precisely to discuss the finding and get your feedback, your own fresh ideas, of the Working Group on ICT Supply Chain that was created within the Paris Call for Trust and Security in Cyberspace. To kick off right away the session, I would like to give the floor to Henri Verdier, Ambassador for Digital Affairs of the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs. It's a pre‑recorded video. And I will ask my colleague, Nastia, to start the broadcast if possible. >> ANASTASIYA KAZAKOVA: Yes. In a second. I hope you will be able to see this. (Uncaptioned video plays:) >> HENRI VERDIER: Dear all, I'm very happy to speak to you today for the Working Group of the Paris Call to Reinforce the Security of the ICT Supply Chain. Before entering into the substance, I first want to thank representatives from GEODE, Kaspersky, and Cigref for dedicating a lot of time, and Working Group 6 for bringing this report to life. I take this opportunity to address the commitment of the team. As you know, the Paris Call has become the largest organization of its kind since its creation in 2018, with more than 1,200 supporters, in eight states, more than 700 private companies, across many sectors and organizations, from all regions of the world. The United States and the EU have announced that they have joined the Paris Call last November, which shows the appeal of the commitment, but the Paris Call is not just about the number of supporters. It's about how the supporters can come together and develop concrete results produced by Working Group 6, as well as the results prepared by the Paris Call's other groups, demonstrate that the commitment of this particular approach can produce substantial proposals to strengthen security in cyberspace. Here, I want to reiterate my thanks to GEODE, Kaspersky, and Cigref for their outstanding work on these reports and extend my thanks also to all the Paris Call supporters who were involved with the Working Groups. I want to say that the report on strengthening the ICT Supply Chain Security is complete, and I invite all of you to read it on the website. It aims at showing factors of the success and failure in the implementation of the initiatives, as well as words of responsibilities of different stakeholder groups in achieving ICT Supply Chain Security. The report shows that firms have a major role to play in this, which has deep connection right from the inception, and there's important work to develop certification and develop regulation practices and risk analysis. Among many of the ideas these Working Groups propose is providing concrete and precise IDs to reinforce the ICT Supply Chain Security as well as cybersecurity as a way to analyze cybersecurity projects, for them to be certified. The report also insists on the 