https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5922/957 >> ORGANIZER: That was just to say hello and welcome. We have now begun formally. Thank you so much, Milton. Have a great day, everybody. >> MILTON MUELLER: Thank you. Marianne Franklin is the Chair of the GigaNet Steering Committee. I'm the program Committee Chair. The program theme this year was Internet Governance in a time of Global Reordering. We're relating to the turmoil in the world caused by the resurgence of nationalism and sovereignty and some of the strange politics going on, trying to relate the Internet Governance theme to that, we'll look at topics of the role of the private sector, the ICANN regime and other national regimes. We apologize for the delay. We think maybe this was just a way to get you to anticipate and want to be here even more like a good restaurant that you have to stand in line to get into, we are ‑‑ we're making you wait for this excellent program. Let me give you a bit of background. We tried to get as many good papers in as possible so we crowded the Agenda a bit. Now that we have been thrown off, we're going to have to struggle a bit. The schedule is tight. Every session will have a timekeeper that will impose very strict time limits on the presentations. It will be about 15 minutes. We want to leave time for question and answer sessions. GigaNet this year had 40 submissions, and there are 15 accepted papers and 5 poster sessions. I want to call your attention to the poster sessions. The poster sessions are a lot of fun, very interesting way to interact actually more with the author of a research paper than a normal presentation in many cases. Just before the lunch break, we encourage you to wander around amongst the poster sessions. You see the bulletin boards out there, and we think that most of you are going to be interested in the posters as well as the papers. As for lunch arrangements, we ‑‑ you want to make the announcement about lunch? >> We'll have lunch outside. You have a book of tickets and a list. (Speaker off microphone). >> MILTON MUELLER: Right. Good. As you may have noticed, we have captioning available. If any of you are having trouble with either language or hearing, this should make it more accessible for you. That also means that they'll be wanting us to speak into the microphones every time we speak. It will be a little more formal than maybe usual. Why don't we get started with the program now? Our first speaker is going to talk about language diversity and internationalized domain names. >> UNDRA BASSANJAV: Thank you, good morning. I hope the transcription works with my accent. I'll talk about the language and the International Domain Names. Here is my contact information. What I looked into was language and how the different kind of language scripts are included in the architecture of the Internet, the domain name systems ‑‑ I'll try not to make it too technical and the domain names are pretty ‑‑ international domain names are pretty much domain names, textual names written outside of the alphabet so pretty much nowadays multilingualism on the Internet is pretty much universal. 1.4 billion people pretty much on the Internet speak different languages rather than English. Also Google translate and other kinds of the social media websites even allow you to do minority languages here. Despite all of this kind of development, Internet, it pretty much remains close to the minor languages and, scripts, multilingualism. Thanks to the UNESCO effort, there are many languages available on the Internet, including ancient Mongolia script which I originally came from ‑‑ it is 800 years old ‑‑ and it is preservation and revitalization of the languages through the UNESCO efforts. It is pretty good. In 2009 ICANN, the governing body of the Internet thought of the International Domain Names and country codes. Here is some examples I pretty much provide here, Arabic, Chinese, all of the different kinds of scripts. International D