https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2019-ws-288-solutions-for-law-enforceme… >> MODERATOR: Thank you, everyone for joining us in the room. Thank you to those online who are joining us. Thank you, all. Welcome to our workshop to address what is a very topical issue, and it's to do with law enforcement access to user data in the context of criminal instigation. My name is Alexandre Roure, I'm from the Computer & Communication Industry Associations. CCII is co-host of this panel and our second co-host is the Council of Europe and Alexander Seger. We are delighted to have Alexander Seger with us as co-host, but also as speaker and present some of the views -- some of the developments happening in the Council of Europe. I'll be your moderator for the purpose of this workshop. Rachael Stelly, my colleague from our D.C. office, will be the online moderator and will take questions from the online audience when we move on to the Q&A session. CCIA and the Council of Europe, that's not the first time that we are co-hosting a panel on this very issue. We did one in Mexico. We did another one in Geneva two years ago. There was a bit of a gap last year in Paris, but now we're back and we think it's time to catch up. Since that time, a lot has happened. We have seen the U.S. moving forward on legislation to reinform law enforcement access to data. The European Union is also doing the same. The Council of Europe now has been discussing for about two years now, a framework to deal specifically with that issue and adding a second protocol to the Cybercrime Convention. I think we've touched on many of these issues. There are many developments out there. I want to first introduce the panel. And maybe set the scene very briefly, just to let you know. We'll have first five minutes for each speaker to present their brief introductory remarks. After that, we'll move onto a discussion among panelists and then will open the discussion to all of you in the room and to those online as well. So first of all, as a first speaker, we have Fernanda Domingos, she is the federal prosecutor in the cybercrime units of the Brazilian Prosecution Service. So she'll offer her perspective from the law enforcement community on how data has become so important and how Brazil, among other countries, perhaps is reforming its rules to empower the law enforcement authority to get easier access data and to conduct its job thoroughly. Then we'll hear the perspective of the business community. Ludmila Georgieva is public policy manager at Google in the Brussels office. Her job is to do with -- she basically -- she's very much hands-on. European discussions around law enforcement access to data, as well as international developments as well. Next up will be Jennifer Daskal. And Jennifer Daskal is a professor -- I'm sure most of you know her. She's a professor at the American University, Washington. And she is leading the program on tech law and security. Is that correct? Is that the name of the program? OK. Sorry. Thank you. We'll hear as well Bertrand de La Chapelle, who is the cofounder and executive director of the Internet and Jurisdiction Policy Network. The Network has been doing a lot of work for some time in trying to engage with a multitude of stakeholders to try and design a common -- well, to come to a common understanding of the problems. To companies, sort of like the legal and policy discussions in other fora as well, precisely on that issue. And finally, we'll hear from Alexander Seger with the Council of Europe. Alexander is the head of the cybercrime division in the Council of Europe, and he leads the discussion on the drafting of second protocol to the Budapest Convention, to the Cybercrime Convention. Just two words before we move onto the discussion, to the presentation of the speakers. Clearly, we've seen over the past few years we have seen countries that are -- access data in criminal investigations. What we are witnessing are oftentimes unilateral as