https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-day-0-event-11-internet-society… >> MARILEE D'ARCEUIL: Welcome, everyone. Welcome to Day 0, 2021 Collaborative Leadership Exchange. My name is Marilee D'Arceuil, and I'm one of the Internet Society's Program Support Staff for the IGF Youth Ambassador Program. And I'm speaking to you today from Toronto, Canada, so you have a sense of where in the world I'm located. Today I'm delighted to be the moderator for the Collaborative Leadership Exchange. Thank you, everyone, for bearing with getting online today. We've all learned a lesson to check in for our sessions the day before, and I hope that the website does not crash again, so we can get emails with the Zoom links. Welcome back, everyone who has attended Collaborative Leadership Exchange before. If you are new to the Collaborative Leadership Exchange, AKA, CLX, I'll just go over the brief history of the CLX. The objective of the Internet Society's Collaborative Leadership Exchange is to bring together all interested participants to network, build relationships, exchange ideas, discuss key local and regional Internet Governance issues and explore applicable solutions. This event will be focused on Internet Society's projects on: Strengthening the Internet, promoting the Internet way of networking; Extending Encryption, securing global routings; and Growing the Internet, building community networks, fostering infrastructure and technical communities; measuring the Internet, while integrating the inputs, requirements, and experiences of different stakeholders. This session will contribute to building communities of learning and fostering relationships that create a multiplier effect that we hope will cascade throughout the IGF week of activities and beyond. So, that's a bit about the CLX. And now I'll talk briefly about the IGF Youth Ambassador Program. You'll be hearing from some of our ambassadors. Each year, the Internet Society selects 30 young, passionate people to participate in our IGF Youth Ambassador Program, equipping the next generation of Internet leaders to collaborate and innovate for a better world. This program is set up to support young adults 18‑30 years old. And we do this by making a big impact on Internet Governance in their communities through educational programs that we have on Internet Governance. The ambassadors receive training and connect with a network of key influencers in the Internet Governance sphere, and they gain access to a platform where they can raise their voice on Internet issues that matter to them. Next, I'd like to take a moment to say our thank‑you’s for everyone that's come together to support this program and the CLX today. Thank you to the IGF , despite all the technical difficulties with the website today, for helping to create this platform for our IGF Youth Ambassadors to collaborate, exchange ideas, and meet some of the IGF community before all of the sessions of the hectic week starts. Thanks to our sponsor, Google, and for all of our in‑kind sponsors, partners, course instructors, and program mentors. They have all come together to impart the knowledge of the history of Internet Governance. They have helped teach our ambassadors journalism and writing for media and online platforms, and have trained our ambassadors in how to lead, present, and participate at the IGF . So, today our session is going to be a bit shorter than the initial three hours, so I'm going to do my best to get through the next bit of information for you all. We will be hearing from ten of our Internet Governance IGF Youth Ambassadors. They will each be speaking for five minutes and will be leading a discussion of their choice for five minutes. After each of these sessions, there will be a ten‑minute Q&A. And today, our ten ambassadors will be speaking to us from Argentina, Brazil, Egypt, Ghana, Haiti, India, Malaysia, Turkey, Uganda, and the United States of America. So, for any of our audience members who may