https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2019-how-to-balance-childrens-right-to-… >> MODERATOR: Good morning, everybody, it's half past 9:00 and I'm happy to welcome you to the dynamic coalition of child online safety. I'm pleased to see so many familiar faces but also new faces interested in the topic of our session today. For a start I would like to quickly introduce you to the dynamic coalition of child online safety. That is somehow a short trip to the past. It was in the year 2007, the second IGF in Rio De Janeiro that child welfare activists decided to join forces in order to keep children safe online. That marked the birth of the dynamic coalition of child online safety. The Coalition has grown over the year for stakeholders from child welfare be it from Government at organisations, civil society, or private industry. And we are working throughout the year to assess current technological developments, new devices, services and applications in regard of the impact on children's lives, and also to ensure that measures are taken to keep children safe online. Dynamic coalitions are a certain type of format in the IGF ecosystem. They are open to any individual as well as to any organisation and I would like to take the opportunity to join the dynamic coalition, just come to us, send an email and feel free to work with the dynamic coalition. The dynamic coalition is led by ECPAT and my colleague Marie‑laure Lemineur, and contact her whenever you like when you are interested to becoming a member of the dynamic coalition. Those working with and for children may know that it was only last week that we celebrated the 30 th anniversary of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, the UNCRC. That is the most ratified human rights treaty in the world with 190 and six states having themself committed to respect, protect and fulfill the Rights of the Child. And with ratification of the UN Convention, they are legally bound to do so. In 1989 neither those who have originally phrased the UN Convention nor those who have ratified it could have imagined to what extent children would inhabit the digital world 30 years later. Nonetheless, that is what we are talking about today in the next 90 minutes. The UN Convention provides for children's rights in all areas of life. Many of the rights dedicated to children need to be looked at from a new angle with regard to the digital environment. These are the rights to access to information or freedom of expression where it's obvious that it's related to using digital media, but it's also a right that is laid down in Article 31 which is our focus today. This is the right to leisure, play and culture. And I would like to quote that Article. It reads as follows. States Parties recognize the right of the child to rest and leisure, to engage and play in recreational activities appropriate to the age of the child, and to participate freely in cultural life and beyond. The online environment is now a key arena in which that right is exercised and our distinguished panelists will shed light on this arena today. I would like to introduce them to you now and I will start with Shaun Pendergast who is a young Internet user playing games and he will tell us about his experiences. We have Daniel Kardefelt‑Winther from UNICEF who have prepared a report on children's rights and online gaming and he will present some of the findings from the report. On the very left from my side we have John Carr, today speaking for ECPAT international. He has many hats on his head and can tell us several stories. Then to my right I have Emily Cashman Kirstein. Coming from a child protection organisation called Thorn. You will introduce us to that. Then we have Clement Leong, also known as stinky, and he is an E‑sports moderator organising tournaments on E‑sports, welcome on our panel. We have on the very right Lies van Roessel who is a researcher at the Martin Luther University in Halle researching free‑to‑play games and last 