>> HENDRICK IKE: Hello, good morning, everybody. Thank you for making it here so early on the first slot of this being the second day officially of the IGF '23. My name is Hendrik Ike. I'm a public affairs officer at G É ANT, which is the Regional Research and Education Network of Europe. Before I introduce the speakers I'd like to talk about why we're here today. Global cooperation in the field of submarine cables is an essential element for both internet governance and diplomacy. Research and educational activity is fueling demands to support investments in submarine systems in remote areas as well as more traditional routes. The changing profile of the ownership/utilisation of the internet is noted in the public interest role of research and education can be seen to be significant enough to be a conduit to ensure a retention of an open, resilient, and distributed internet structure. Submarine cable agreements between National/Regional Research and Education Network, or NREN/RRENs, are based on the common values of trust and reciprocity. They allow public entities to not just disseminate public research and educational data but innovate solutions and services that bolster scientific advancement. With this, of course, comes both economic growth and drivers of sustainability. Submarine cables can also provide physical geopolitical solutions to an increasingly politicized internet for the good of research and education. I'd like to now introduce the speakers we have today for you. The first ‑‑ and this will be in order of appearance. The first is my colleague Paul Rouse. He's the Chief Community Relations Officer at G É ANT. Following that, we have our friends and colleagues from WIDE, starting with Jun Murai, Founder of the WIDE Project, professor at Keio University, and Father of the Japanese Internet. We then have Keiko Okawa, a professor at the Keio University Graduate School of Media Design. She's a Director of the School on Internet Asia Project launched by the WIDE Project in 2001. Then we have Dr. Masafumi Oe‑san, a Vice Director of the IT Security Office at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan. And our final speaker will be Ieva Mura š kien é , a Strategy and Policy Officer at NORDUNet, the Regional Network for the Scandinavian NRENs. The backdrop of this session is we wanted to view it a bit through the lens of the EU/Japan strategic partnership, and also within that agreement between the EU and Japan there are provisions for agreements on submarine cables. And in order to understand this in its scientific, economic, and political impact, we'll start with G É ANT, giving a brief overview of how we came to this space. With that, I'd like to hand over to Paul for this first 20 minutes. >> PAUL ROUSE: Thank you, Hendrik, and good morning to everybody there and to all those online. Can you see and hear me okay? Okay. Good. Thank you. Right. We'll start then with the first slide. And really, I'd like to start off with an introduction here to talk about how we have the outcome of the combination of submarine cables, the internet, and Research and Education Networks. So we'll start today with a little lesson in history, first of all. And let's look at the concept of the submarine cable. It was in the mid 19 th century when the first Trans‑Atlantic cable was put into service, started off with not a very successful beginning, but by 1988 the world saw the advent of fibre‑optic cables in place across the North Atlantic, as well, and this really became the start of the capabilities as we know today, to the point of 98‑99% of all the world's internet traffic is actually carried by submarine cables. There to the right you can see an extract of all the submarine cables that are in service around the world. So really very much a critical infrastructure for modern society. Let's overlay that next then with how the internet came about. It was Vint Cerf, back at Stanford University. The importance of this story here, you'll s