>> MODERATOR: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Do you hear me? OK. I suggest we will start, because time is quite limited. Well, I'd like to welcome you on our session. The title of the session is "Digital Currency and Blockchain Technology." In different nations. I will start with the introduction of myself. My name is Yuri Grin, I'm Deputy Director General of a Russian company dealing with mobile payment and services in these fields. But here I was invited by my colleague from Armenia, China. Like vice chairman of ITU focus group on digital currency. I will tell a few words later after this. So here's how we'll organize our session. We have 90 minutes. And we did discuss with colleagues on the podium that we will divide it in a few parts in order to make it not like a presentation. And you will fall asleep. We will have in the beginning two short introductions on the subject. What we are going to discuss here. From Patric and from Olutoyin. And then each panelist will make short introduction herself or him. But not just introduction of the person, but what they are doing in own country. What is development. Something on subject. Then we will have a short time for question and answers. So for you to warm up a bit, our speakers. And then after that, there will be second part, which will be discussion how national IGF chapters can cooperate in this area. After these discussions there will also be another session for question and answers. Then we will have rapporteur who is here, who will make a short summary of his draft report. And then there will be most interesting part. After conclusion, I will give the floor to the grand jury, who will announce three winners. So three best questions will be granted by some Bitcoins or other cryptocurrency, which will be discussed today. So you're most encouraged to participate in this. It will not be me. There is a secret jury. I will not announce you who it is, but in the end you will get hopefully, this donation. It's not my donation. I don't have any Bitcoins or whatever. (Laughter) But some people here, they have them and they're ready to share. >> Don't look at me! (Laughter) >> YURI GRIN: OK. So if you are OK with this, any proposal, any suggestion? So we can start. And we will start with two brief oral presentations, maybe with some PowerPoint. So what we are going to discuss in fact, today. And we selected two people who have slightly different vision. It was done intentionally for you to think about and see that the issue is quite complex. But before this, before I forget, I was asked to say a few words regarding what is this ITU focus group on digital currency. Because later I will be mutual moderator. Probably some of you know that ITU is another organization just across, which is the oldest one. It's already 150 years. Old as postal union, by the way. It's strange, but it's true. So ITU this year created very interesting format of focus group on digital currency. It's a group which was created for two years period. This is for any individual. Doesn't matter, from private sector, government, from Civil Society. If you have something in mind, you can join. Who will be interested, I will tell you after the session how to do it. Because you have to dig on the website, but it's possible to register. So the idea is, it's not about all currency, but it's already about digital currencies. So those currencies which will be issued by central banks basically. And which will replace Fiat money. So money which we already have in our pockets, in our bank account. The first meeting of this group was recently in Beijing, and I was personally very much impressed how chain seriously considers this business. Original idea came to ITU from one U.S. company, but I was really impressed. So it will be very interesting to hear your presentation, Patric, later on. Even if not on this subject, but the chain is very much in this business. Another group which might be interesting for you in ITU , the