https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2020-ws-130-election-in-times-of-disinf… >> I have announcement to make. The first one is that the session is record and hosted under the IGF Code of Conduct and UN Rules and Regulations. And the chat feature is for social chat only, and only the question and answer feature is used to ask the question. This is for attendees to ask the questions. Thank you very much. >> MODERATOR: I think the session started. My name is Mehdi Benchelah, I'm a senior officer at UNESCO for the section of Freedom of Expression and Safety of Journalists. And we are very happy to have you be in this session which has a title, Election in Times of Disinformation. As you all know, it is a very timely subject. And so we will have an hour and a half to discuss on the issue with our speakers. So this session is organized by UNESCO and UNDP. And I will moderate the first part of the debate with the speaker. And I will be working with Vladimir Christiansen who is a program analyst for the Bureau of Policy and Program Support for UNDP New York. And he will moderate the questions from the public which will be for the last 20-25 minutes or something like this, of the session. So please don't hesitate to ask your question in the specific Q&A section. And IGF really wanted us to really keep the chat for more actually chat between participants and, you know, like networking, don't hesitate to share resources and links. That is most welcome. And keep the questions for the specific Q&A part. Also, this session is recorded by IGF , so I hope you don't mind. And I will start briefly to -- I mean to remind that elections are really a key moment and a very important moment of Democratic life, first of all, because they crystallize the debate and the opposition between different political forces in the country. And sometimes they bring tension which are there underlying because at that very moment they find a way to somehow to express themselves and which leads sometimes to balance. So it is -- and there are a lot of stakes, as we know, in election. And even in some countries it is related to not only political direction the country is going to take, but also about the distribution of resources. So it does bring a lot of tension. It is really an important moment, as we all know. And it is important also to recall that election rests upon a free flow of information and ideas. That is really extremely important to recall that. It highlights the role of journalism in facilitating peaceful, credible, and inclusive but also transparent and fair elections. Journalists are, of course, key actors. And because of the election process, its outcome, sometimes the legitimacy of the election can be deeply affected by disinformation. So it is really a key issue, and we are very happy to be able to talk about that today with our speakers. And really to see how this disinformation nowadays, how this phenomena is affecting the electoral process. We will start with the opening remarks from Mr. Guy Berger, who is the Director of Strategic planning, UNESCO Communication and Information Sectore. And then it will be followed by a video prerecorded by Ms. Sarah Lister, who is Head of Governance at UNDP. So now I will let Guy Berger speak for his opening remarks. Please, Guy. >> GUY BERGER: Thank you, Mehdi, I was just unmuting. Hello, everybody. I think this is going to an extremely interesting, this discussion. I trust you can hear me all. So let me thank UNDP for joining with UNESCO in this. And these are two parts of the UN that pay a lot of attention to the integrity of elections. And for UNESCO, recently we have done some interesting work really work in Burundi Cote d’Ivoire, Myanmar, Tunisia, Uruguay on this issue of information -- disinformation of journalism, elections. And we have some wonderful resources that we've developed here. And I will post some links in the chat which I will speak a bit about if people want to follow them. Now, one of 