>> PAUL FEHLINGER: Perfect. Welcome, everybody, to our Town Hall. I'm very happy to see familiar faces. And we have an absolutely amazing line-up of speakers today. And physically here, with us, and also online. So this is the Town Hall that is called Towards Ethical Principles for Responsible Technology. And it is the first Town Hall at the Internet Governance Forum of Project Liberties Institute. I'm Paul Fehlinger, Governor of that new organization. And before I tell you more about what we do, I would very much like to introduce our speakers today. And maybe each of you can just quickly mention your name and where you come from, with what organization you are. I start to the left, Elizabeth. >> ELIZABETH THOMAS-RAYNAUD: Thank you, Paul. Thank you, Paul. My name is Elizabeth Thomas-Raynaud, and I'm with the OECD Global Forum on Technology. >> HIROKI HABUKA: I'm Hiroki Habuka, a research professor at Kyoto University Faculty of Law and used to work for the Japanese government until last year. Thank you. >> PAUL FEHLINGER: I think it takes a second if you speak. >> VIVIAN SCHILLER: Vivian Schiller, Aspen Digital. We focus on media and technology on the impact on society and based in Washington, DC. Happy to be here. >> PAUL FEHLINGER: Wonderful. And I just got a message from our panelists that apparently the Zoom link that was on our event page led them to a different session. Maybe I can ask the technical team to how give me the right Zoom think so I can share it with the codirector who is who is joining us remotely from Australia. And with me remotely today is also Sarah Nicole who is our policy and research associate who probably is in the same wrong session right now. So if somebody could send me by e-mail the right Zoom link, that would be absolutely amazing. Maybe somebody of the technology team could take care of this. We want to talk today about the future. We want to talk about what is next in the innovation pipeline and how we can foster responsible innovation and look at things like the economy, artificial intelligence, web3. Neurotechnology and all of this. The underlying question today is how do we create a fair sustainable and innovative digital future. So those are very big topics. And so is the mission of Project Liberties Institute. Our mission is to advance responsible innovation and the ethical governance for the common good. We were founded by Frank McCourt and we do three innings. We catalyse solution-oriented research to foster evidence-based governance innovation and we are fortunate to have three founding academic partners already, Stanford University in Silicon Valley, Georgetown University a Washington, DC and in Paris and France. Our second mission pillar, we bring together leaders spanning international organizations, governments, entrepreneurs, businesses, technologists, academia, investors, Civil Society. And we lead three initiatives. And one you will hear a bit more on topics such as the good technical governance of web3 technical infrastructures for creating for public and private innovation makers or on ethical principles for responsible technology. This is particular for an organization such as ours. And we have DSNP, the Decentralized Social Networking Protocol which allows to build social web applications that enable users to share the data and also gives the possibility and the infrastructure to economically participate in value creation with personal data. So what is the intention for this session? We want to talk about ethical principles for responsible technology. And we want to look at the entire innovation cycle. How technology is designed. How we invest in new technologies. Deploy commercially new technologies and regulate new technologies. Both the substantive side of ethical principles but also processes for responsive innovation in the ecosystem. So with this, I would like to start with the first round of questions. But before this, could I ask if somebody has the right Zoom link 