https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/igf-2021-main-session-digital-cooperatio… >> JENNIFER CHUNG: Good morning. Welcome, everyone. Thank you for joining us at the main session, Digital cooperation in practice: IGF Dynamic Coalitions. In this session we'll showcase the DC as an example of the multistakeholder mechanisms. We'll split our session in two halves: First we'll hear from the DCs themselves about how this work relates to the IGF issue areas, and also how the work contributes to advancing the debate on specific topics included within these areas. In our second part, we'll have a strategic discussion on how the Cs could contribute to a broader digital cooperation effort and also to strengthen IGF . We also will be hearing from distinguished guests from the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, also from the Office of The Secretary‑General's Envoy on Technology, and, of course, the chair of the multistakeholder Advisory Group. A total of 17DCs have been or will be presenting their work here at the IGF . When you hear from the Dynamic Coalitions, please do know they'll talk more in depth about the very important work they do in the specific issue areas they're concentrated on. We're going to actually talk in about 40 minutes in our section 1. It is really important to know that the Dynamic Coalitions, their work is very important in the broader context, both in the IGF and also in the challenges of Internet Governance and the broader challenges our world faces. There are things that really concern us, the global health crisis is still going on, climate change is definitely a hot topic, both at the IGF here and elsewhere in other fora. We're talking about security and safety and Human Rights. There's many dynamic transformations that our society is going through right now and the need for multisectoral digital cooperation is greater than ever right now. How do these DCs contribute to addressing these global digital challenges? We're going to start with one of the familiar issues, global health crisis and social inequalities. We're joined with our co‑moderator, Tatiana Tropina online in our Zoom room. We're actually going to fully utilize our hybrid format. Many of the Dynamic Coalitions who will be presenting and talking about their work will also be joining us in the Zoom room as well. Tatiana, I hand the mic over to you for our first issue area. >> TATIANA TROPINA: Thank you very much, Jenny and welcome everybody who is online or on site. Unfortunately I can't see you in the room but I'm pretty sure we'll all enjoy this session. Just to talk about a moderating issue here, to all Dynamic Coalitions that will present, whether presenting online or on site, I really would like you in the spirit of time to keep your interventions short. I would say 3 minutes, please do not go more than 4 minutes. As Jennifer said, we're going to start with the big issue area where most of them are working and bear in mind they're working on crosscutting issues and cooperating and collaborating many times. To the Dynamic Coalitions, we read all of the papers and we know that you do fascinating work. I'm first going to start with a question to Dynamic Coalition on Gender, and we have the first speaker representing the Dynamic Coalitions. I want to ask you, how can we address the links between digital inequality and social and economic inequality in the times of global health crisis in the context of COVID pandemic and in the context of gender to make really gender equal, gender responsive, gender sensitive digital policy, gender sensitive and responsive Internet Governance and the floor is yours. For some reason, I do not see ‑‑ is there anyone from the Dynamic Coalition on Gender that wants to take this question. If not we'll shift that to a later time, Dynamic Coalition on Gender, if you come online at some point, please let me know, and then I'm going to move to Dynamic Coalition on Public Access in Libraries. From your submission, 