https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5902/867 >>SPEAKER: The five years in Microsoft and the rest of the time at various universities. So recently I returned to U.S. and joined university Berkeley. So we also see that this is a good time for us to discuss probably broader issues about religions. So certainly in the past few years, we have witnessed the rise of ‑‑ so we would characterize something like a perfect storm. There is a lot of factors have all together at the right moment to create something phenomenal. Some even call it AI is a new revolution of turn, industrial revolution, in the sense that industrial revolution, they use machine to replace man power. But now that AI is trying to use machines to replace the brain power, the labors that, you know, so in a different sense. On the technology side, so we can see that there are several factors that come all together. First is a computing power, right? So the investment of oh, the parallel and disputed computing, technology really enables us to ‑‑ the process power can get scaled to up three sizes these days. The size of the center just grows proportionately to the size of the application. Second, it's a data. The availability of big datasets derived from the internet error that those data actually enclose tremendous information about human behavior's knowledge. And now third is ‑‑ that especially in supervised learning that has enabled us to leverage precisely the computing power to learn from the data sets, that tremendous information about human behaviors and information. Also in addition today right so the ubiquitous internet and the social networks, mobile networks, really has served as a very efficient infrastructure that for quick dissemination of air technologies were never some good products out there. We can quickly reach and be embraced pie huge mass of people. So the impact basically can be very quick and very large. So just use U.S. and China as example. I probably will see lots of most of the sensation that happens in these two countries recently. But AI really has become the fastest growing sector in the industry by almost all measures, best and size and starting companies and so on, business and products and so on. So but both country actually also if you look at it more closely, they have their own strengths and so on. And they're also very different in nature. So for technological standpoint, we can see the United States is very strong in the traditional fundamental technology for AI, such as chip design and manufacturing, server operating systems, therefore big data center, and also computing platforms such as for deep learning and force. Whereas terrorize very much focuses on applications and products of AI such as speech recognition, face recognition, ‑‑ very much probably due to its large scale market size and marketing there's lots of. In terms of from the research of AI, the both the United States and China lead the world. The rest of the world by a large margin in terms of papers published or patents filed each year. However, the United States university is a company focused more on the fundamental theory, machinery theory, technologies, and also systems level. Well, AI researching chart again is the most of the application treatment about as many of the applications of mission learning and other source. So in terms of investing AI, based on the numbers of ‑‑ venture capital is in the United States is certainly larger in China, but China is really catch up very quickly. Already in the same magnitude as America. And again the investment in U.S. covers almost all areas of AI technology, from the hard wears all the way to the hardware system, softwares, and all the way to the applications and problems. Whereas China shows strong focus on applications and end products, especially on consumers level, for mobile networks. Nevertheless, the Chinese company has made international strategy to strengthen its position on artificial intelligence an