https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5902/828 >> SHREEDEEP RAYAMAJHI: With your permission, we'll start. More will join us, we'll go the flow. I'm Shreedeep Rayamajhi. I'm the organizer. I'm from Nepal. You know, I represent a new collaborative community project called Learn Internet Governs, basically targeting youth. I would firstly like other people to introduce themselves as well. >> MWENDWA KIVUVA: I'm from Sri Lanka, secretary to the Internet Safety Project and coordinator for IGF Sri Lanka. I'm working in the private sector as a managing director. I'll share my opinions, my views, my experiences with you regarding how we're going to collaborate with youth and why we need youth to be collaborated in this arena. Thanks. >> ARIS IGNACIO: Good morning. I'm Aris Ignacio. I'm from the Philippines and currently I'm Dean of College of information Technology. I'm also part of the Internet Society Philippine chapter as the Vice President for Development and part of APRIGF. I will be sharing with you some of the things that we have done, especially bringing the youth to the table, we're in discussions of the IGF . Thank you. >> DAVID: I'm from eHelp Association based in Hong Kong, and we're talking about the safety of Internet for children and the next generation. I have engaged the Asian region on the promotion of the youth engagement in the Internet Governance. Although I'm really not working in that area because of my current position, I would like to share my previous experience on the difficulties and also the challenges of how we can put youth to the table, engaging in the Internet Governance economy and also the ecosystem. There's some challenges. I think it is interesting to put everyone on the table and different stakeholder perspective to share and also trying to tackle those issues, to engage the whole communities in this kind of discussion. Thank you. >> BURNA SANTOS: I'm Burna Santos from Brazil. I'm a member of the Youth Observatory which is a special interest group of Internet Society. The idea today for maybe for us to talk about how we have with been working in the Latin American region in order to empower youth to discuss Internet Governance properly with capacity building measures and also actions in Latin America. Thank you. >> SHREEDEEP RAYAMAJHI: For this session, we did a certain survey around the world and we have the results. Can I have the presentation? We'll share the results and probably come out with the report soon. These are some of the results. Can you make it big? During the survey, what we could see or what we could figure out is, you know, a lot of respondents communicated with us, and there was this difference in between the youth of developed nations and the youth of developing nations. There was a huge difference. You could see the difference in the results. I think we can make it big, full screen. Great. The next slide. So our survey was the 33 person, 50 and above persons, they were 4.3% and 18 to ‑‑ you know, we had a maximum of people who attended the survey, and it was 57.4 person. Next slide. The 2.1%, female was 36.2% and male, it was 61.7%. We wanted to bring in more women respondents as well, but this is what we could get. As for region, we had Asia‑Pacific, we had the most respondents; America, we had around 7, 8; from Africa, we had more than 10; from Europe, we had around 2, 3. The survey was done in a month. The responses were less, but we managed to secure around 50 people. The first question that was there, where do youth stand as a stakeholder in IG process? You could clearly see the data, you know, that there is a confusion whether youth should be a stakeholder. The choices were people thought 40% very important, extremely important, it was 45.5% and they should be involved was 14.5%. This kind of like shows the confusion, you know, in people of taking youth as a stakeholder. It is still there, but it is not clear. Counts of how do you think youth should be involved 