>> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: I am Director for Digital Inclusion, Digital Policy and Digital Transformation in the Communication and Information sector of UNESCO. We are waiting just two more minutes to make sure that everybody's connected, and then we will start our session. So, thank you very much for coming, and then, of course, I'll be honored to introduce our panelists and speakers. So, bear with us for two more minutes. Thank you. >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: Let's do a sound check for the online speakers. Who do we have? Do we have ‑‑ let's see, onsite, onsite. I don't see Anja. We're supposed to have Anja still. We're waiting for Anja and Sandra. Kossi Amessinou, are you online? >> KAREN LANDA: Can you hear me, Marielza? >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: Karen, yes, I can hear you. >> KAREN LANDA: Yes. So, I'm still waiting for the remote participant to connect. I have sent an email for them to connect right now to join us. Unfortunately, Sandra could not make it today. And the rest of the speakers I will send another reminder for them to join right now. >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: All right. So, let me cut Sandra from the lineup. So, we had Minister ‑‑ >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: All right. So, I think, Karen ‑‑ are we ready to start? >> KAREN LANDA: Please start. I will just make sure to remind everyone remotely to attend. If they don't come, please just go with the people onsite. >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: Okay. >> KAREN LANDA: Thank you. >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: Please, one more chair here. You are a panelist of honor. So, we have another chair, everybody. Great. All right! So, we are ready on our side. So, let's get the session rolling. And if the online panelist is still missing, they will join us when they are available. So, good morning, again. My name is Marielza Oliveira, Director of Digital Inclusion, Digital Policy and Digital Transformation, Communication, and Information Sector of UNESCO. I am very honored to be here today with a lineup of experts, incredible experts who have been contributing and enhancing our principles for an Internet that is, you know, really human rights‑based, open to all, accessible by all, multi‑stakeholder‑led. And we are going to discuss today how to take this framework forward and how to use this experience to contribute to the upcoming processes of the United Nations Global Digital Compact, the WSISplus 20 review coming up and other elements of the Digital Agenda of the United Nations. So, before we start, it's my great honor ‑‑ not before I start ‑‑ as a first part of our presentation today, let me ask for the technical support to give us the video message from Dr. Tawfik Jelassi, who is the Assistant Director General for Communication and Information in UNESCO, who is going to give us his remarks. He wished to be here with us, but unfortunately, he had to leave because he had other appointments in Paris, but he left us a video message to roll. So, please. >> TAWFIK JELASSI: Distinguished ministers, colleagues, participants of this Dynamic Coalition ‑‑ >> MARIELZA OLIVEIRA: Oh, it's ‑‑ >> I wish I could have been with you in person and could have benefitted from the excellent networking that is going to take place at this session and the exchange of ideas. My name is Dorothy Gordon, and I am the Chair of UNESCO's Information for All Programme. This is a programme that has been dedicated for over two decades to actually ensuring that we have inclusive and equitable knowledge societies. That means that we have a digital transformation that gives everyone the opportunity to actually gain from these developments in technology, and that we avoid some of the potential pitfalls. And our focus is, of course, on humanistic Internet and digital development. We need to be sure that governments have got the tools to develop the policy instruments that will bring this about, and we believe that the (?) indicators are the best tools at present to achieve this. And the Dynamic Coalition working together is another of the tools that lin