https://www.intgovforum.org/filedepot_download/5921/1042 >> MODERATOR: Hi, everyone. We'll be starting the next session in two minutes. Good afternoon, everyone. We're going to kick off the session. If I could ask everyone to take their seats. Thank you for joining us today for this IGF session, this open forum on multistakeholder and cybersecurity. The title of the session is cybersecurity 2.0, leveraging the multistakeholder model to develop and deploy cybersecurity policy. My name is Lara Casper, I'll be moderating today's session. And we have today with us a number of expert speakers who will be sharing their views and experiences on this topic. Next to me here we have Mr. Jonah Hill, policy specialist from the U.S. Department of Commerce. Then next to him is Mr. Amit Ashkenazi who is a legal adviser at the National Cyber Directorate of Israel. Next to him we have Alison Gillwald, executive director of research ICT Africa and professor at the University of Cape Town. I see Ambassador Feeken next to her, Dr. Feek en is an Australian Ambassador for Cyber Affairs. And last but not least, we have Jan over there from Microsoft. We're really happy to have all of them today with us. So before I turn to them for their remarks, just a few words on the framing and the objectives for the session. As you will have seen from the title, we are dealing with ‑‑ we'll be tackling two concepts, multistakeholders and cybersecurity that if I'm guessing if we made a word cloud of IGF 2017, you know they'd probably find their way into the top ten. But as with many Internet governance buzzwords, I think there are probably as many definitions of these terms as there are IGF participants. In fact, a mapping done by the New America Foundation found and identified at the moment over 400 definitions of cybersecurity that they've captured. And on the multistakeholder side, I think that, you know, there are as many views on what it means as there are people you ask. So despite these conceptual challenges, what we've been seeing recently has been an increasing commitment to dealing with cybersecurity challenges through multistakeholder approach. So ‑‑ and what we'll be dealing with here is not so much the theory of these concepts but what they mean in practice. How do we implement them? There are a number of stakeholders around the world who are looking to deal with cybersecurity challenges. But going beyond just saying yes, we need to do this in a multistakeholder way, what is the actual ‑‑ what is the actual approach and implementation look like? So what we'll do today to allow us to do this, we'll first ‑‑ I'll first invite a couple of our panelists to reflect their views shortly on what we understand as multistakeholders in cybersecurity just to narrow down the scope for the discussion. After which we'll proceed to discuss best practice and examples of good practice and implementing this approach specifically at the national level. And we'll reflect a little bit on the incentives and some of the challenges of doing this. After that I'm going to turn to you. So we're going to have a question‑and‑answer segment. And I'll be asking not just for questions to the panel but also your own views on best practice. And if you have examples of how multistakeholder approaches can be implemented to deal with cybersecurity challenges, it would be great to capture that as well. Finally, I'll come back to the panel to see ‑‑ for a round of takeaways and to wrap up the panel. So we only have one hour for this session. So I'll have to be a strict timekeeper and I apologize in advance if I interrupt anyone. It will be strictly in order to keep us on time. So without further ado I'd like to start us off, and to help us frame the conversation invite two of our speakers to offer their views and what we mean by, in turn, cybersecurity and multistakeholder approach. And first I'm going to turn to Mr. Ashkenazi. If you could help us narrow down the concept of cybersecurity 