https://www.intgovforum.org/content/%E2%80%8Bapplying-human-rights-and-ethics-i… >> OLGA CAVALLI: Oh, yes, I can talk to you. >> VLADIMIR RADUNOVIC: Thank you for waking up so early to come up for this crazy session. I'm sure it will be worth it. >> OLGA CAVALLI: I am Olga Cavalli. I come from Argentina and we have our dear friend Vladimir from Serbia. You know Vlad from DiploFoundation. I'm the academic Director of the South School of Internet Governance. Thank you for being with us this morning. The idea is to have a very interesting and interactive session with our experts here, with our panelists and of course with you. The main issue that we will talk about today is applying human rights and ethics in responsible Data Governance and artificial intelligence. You may recall we organized a previous session related somehow to this session and the last IGF in Paris in the UNESCO main venue, and so this session intends to be somehow a continuation of what we discussed at that time. We have only two hours. We have eight experts by the way. We have 7 experts and another expert in the stage. The idea is go through some questions we have prepared for our panelists and for you the audience, and perhaps in two hours we end up having more questions and more ideas that you can take home and develop with your own group, with your own stakeholders, with your own Government. So that if we get that at the end of the session, we would be very happy with that. So let me tell you some comments about what is this session about, applying human rights and ethics in artificial intelligence. We all know that artificial intelligence can contribute to addressing some of the world's most pressing problems but also can lead to some inequality and problems, as all the technology that we have been using since civilization exists, everything can be used for the good or for the bad. Artificial intelligence can make people's lives easier but it can also generate discrimination and bias. We all know several examples of that. How do we develop and use artificial intelligence in a human centric and trustworthy manner? That is what we want to discuss with you today. How to make sure that the data used by artificial intelligence is reliable, accurate, complete enough as not to generate discrimination. Also the use of data is one of the main themes of this IGF here in Berlin. How to avoid privacy and Data Protection breaches in accessing and processing the large amounts of data that are the core of artificial intelligence. How do we make sure that there is transparency and accountability in algorithms used in artificial intelligence? Where are we now? Where are we going? How human rights and ethical frameworks are related or are being used in the development of artificial intelligence. So we have seen several ethical frameworks developed in different organizations, OECD, ITU , European Commission, IEEE. We will review them in a moment so you can have a sense of what they are about but how do they relate with the developments that are being done nowadays. Do you want to add something to that? >> VLADIMIR RADUNOVIC: I think you can present the guest hosts. >> OLGA CAVALLI: We have you of course and we have a very fantastic panel of distinguished experts and I will briefly introduce them. We have Ms. Lisa Dyer, the Director of policy at the partnership of artificial intelligence. Welcome, Lisa. We have Ms. Carolyn Nguyen, the Director of Technology Policy at Microsoft, welcome. We have Sarah Kiden, Ph.D. student at University of Dundee. Reverend Augusto Zampini Davies, the Director of development and faith of the holy seed Vatican, welcome. Mr. Hannah, he's the. Ms. Peggy Hicks. She's the Director at the United Nations Human Rights Office. And Mr. Yoichi Iida, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communication of Japan. >> VLADIMIR RADUNOVIC: This promises to be quite the discussion with another guest we're not going to mention now. We'll keep it as curiosity. Look