>> ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Opening Ceremony of the 18 th Annual Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum. May I draw your attention, please, simultaneous interpretation service in six United Nations language and in Japanese is available with the receiver. Please, turn on the power button and switch to channel one for Arabic, channel two for Chinese, channel three for English, channel four for French, channel five for Russian, channel six for Spanish, and channel seven for Japanese. May I kindly ask you at the end of the session, please hand over the receiver to the staff at the exit doors. Thank you. And please be noted that the Annual Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum will be streamed online. Lastly, if there is an emergency, please follow the instruction of staff including security services. The opening performance is scheduled to start shortly from 10:30 a.m., please kindly be seated for a while. Thank you for your patience. >> MODERATOR: Excellencies, Distinguished Delegate and participants, I would like to welcome you to the 18 th Annual Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum. My name is Ribeka and it's my honour to serve as emcee for the Opening. Prior to the Opening Ceremony of the 18 th Annual Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum we now present as the opening act reconceptualizing traditional Japanese theater Kabuki Two Lion with San‑sui media installation by Naoko Tosa. Kabuki is a novel and unusual performing art that appeared in Kyoto at the beginning of the Edo period. In this new work, a heroic lion spirit appears in a climactic scene of Renjishi, a masterpiece of Kabuki. The scene in which the lion smells a flower and then makes a violent movement known as madness was performed by a professional Kabuki actor. Creating a digital Kabuki performance suitable for an international IT Conference. So, please, enjoy this opening performance. (Applause). Now, I would like to welcome Mr. Junhua Li, Under Secretary‑General of United Nations and His Excellency, Mr. Kishida Fumio, the Prime Minister of Japan to the stage. So please welcome Mr. Li and His Excellency Mr. Kishida. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us today for the 18 th Annual Meeting of the Internet Governance Forum organized by the United Nations and hosted by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications. Now, I would like to start the Opening Ceremony. First of all, we would like to welcome Mr. Antonio Guterres, Secretary‑General of the United Nations to the screen. Video message will be introduced by Mr. Junhua Li, Under Secretary‑General of the United Nations. Mr. Li, please proceed to the podium. (Applause). >> JUNHUA LI: Good morning. Your Excellency, Mr. Kishida Fumio, Prime Minister of Japan, Excellencies, distinguished participants, I have the honour to introduce the Secretary‑General of the United Nations, Mr. Antonio Guterres. And will deliver a video address, please. >> ANTÓNIO GUTERRES: Excellencies, ladies and gentlemen, I'm pleased to greet the Internet Governance Forum as you gather in Kyoto. Let me begin by thanking you for your invaluable efforts bringing together Governments, the private sector, civil society and the technical community for the essential task of advancing an open, safe and global Internet. For nearly two decades this multi‑stakeholder cooperation has proven remarkably productive and remarkably resilient in the face of growing geopolitical tensions, proliferating crises and widening divisions. Your work is now more important than ever. We need to keep harnessing digital technologies enabled by the Internet to help deliver on the SDGs, take climate action and build a better world. I see three areas for action. First, we must work together to close the connectivity gap and bring the remaining 2.6 billion people online, in particular women and girls in Least Developed Countries. Second, we must work together to close the governance gap including by elevating and better a