https://www.intgovforum.org/en/content/the-irpc-charter-of-human-rights-princip… >> We all live in a digital world. We all need it to be open and safe. We all want to trust, and to be trusted. ¶ >> We all despise control. >> And desire freedom. >> We are all united. (No audio) >> MINDA MOREIRA: Hello, everyone. I think hopefully we will have more people joining in, but I will start and also we can get the discussion going and welcome to the IRPC. It's great to see so many familiar faces with us today, and I'm very happy to welcome those who are connecting for the first time. So just as a brief introduction, the IRPC is based at the Internet Governance Forum and we an open network of individuals and organizations committed to making human work for the Internet. Anyone can join our mailing list and I will be sharing the link later in the committee, but you can also find it on our website at Internetrightsandprinciples.org. And those who would like to be more involved in outreach efforts are welcome to join our committee and we will be having nominations and elections very soon. So our outreach work draws on the charter of human rights and the principles for the Internet which articulates existing human rights laws and norms and translates them not online context. So this charter was published in 2011, and it is the result of an amazing collaborative effort with members of this coalition. So the charter is ‑‑ and today we are celebrating the great event, with this two‑part session. First part is the reflection on the achievements and challenges, and also a celebration of the translation work. And part two will be looking into the next decade. We look forward to your comments and questions. We also expect some discussion in the room, and in the chat, and also via social networks. Our online moderator is Raashi Saxena who is part of the coalition and in the room, I hope we have June Paris. Please use the #human rights and as. >> MARTIN HULLIN: This meeting is being recorded and captioned and our captioner is Tracy Reinke. I hope I'm pronouncing it right and finally and because we obviously want to give everyone the chance to participate, we ask everyone to be brief, interventions of around two minutes. And now without any further ado, I would like to go straight to our panel. And my first guest here today is Marianne Franklin, former cochair of the IRPC, member of the coalition steering committee and professor the global media and politics at Goldsmiths University of London. And Marianne, you witnessed the birth of the charter project and you have been part of this outreach effort for the last decade. Can you tell us more the drafting process and what you consider the main achievements and the biggest challenge for the charter ten years on. >> MARIANNE FRANKLIN: Thank you, Minda. I'm going to share screen. So can you see my screen there? Apart from yourselves? With the different images? >> Yes. >> MARIANNE FRANKLIN: These images cover the full ten years ‑‑ not quite. The Charter of Human Rights and Principles for the Internet is ten years old which is a lifetime in computing terms. If you followed Moore's law, every 18 months there's a new quantum leap. We have survived five or six of these. The charter is a collective and collaborating effort, across sectors, affiliations funding streams and level of techno and legal expertise. It's actually a child of the Internet Governance Forum. The second thing I would like to thank is Max Singer and Dixie Horton who were the leading lights back in the early years. >> MARIANNE FRANKLIN: Anyway, I will start again if I may Minda. Can we reset? >> MINDA MOREIRA: Yes, please. Thank you. >> MARIANNE FRANKLIN: Well, anyway, I was just acknowledging the three leader ‑‑ the leadership of three people prior to my chairing, which began in 2012, that's Max Singer, Lisa Warner and Dixie Horton and the charter, these sorts of undertakings did not come in a vacuum. It didn't emerge from nowhere. It didn't