We’re standing up for the digital rights of all libraries in court! On Monday at 1pm ET, the Southern District of New York will hear oral argument in Hachette v. Internet Archive , the lawsuit against our library and the longstanding library practice of controlled digital lending, brought by 4 of the world’s largest publishers. Here’s how you can participate in the proceedings: At 1pm ET, listen to the oral argument. This hearing is happening via telephone. You can join via 1-888-363-4749, with access code 8140049. During the proceedings, watch the live blog hosted by Library Futures: https://controlleddigitallending.org/2023/03/20/hachette-v-ia-liveblog/ While oral arguments are happening, library and copyright experts Michelle Wu, Kyle K. Courtney, and Dave Hansen will be providing running commentary on the proceedings. Immediately after the proceedings, join a live discussion with Michelle Wu, Kyle K. Courtney, and Dave Hansen. Register at https://forms.gle/ATuwmiNDNPUBovZm9 Stand with the Internet Archive online : The internet advocacy group Fight for the Future has launched the Battle for Libraries , an online rally in support of the Internet Archive and digital lending. Visit the action hub to engage with other supporters & share messages with your followers across social media to spread awareness about our fight: https://www.battleforlibraries.com 349 thoughts on “ Here’s how to participate in Monday’s oral arguments ” I wish to support Internet Library. Thank you, Bob! You can support Internet Archive at https://archive.org/donate There are books on here that you can’t find anywhere else. This is a site for introverts like me who like to read books from the comfort of my home. My family also love Internet archive it’s our online library. Some like to go to the public library but my anxiety gets really bad when I have to go and I know other friends that have found this website to be helpful also. We can get books read to us in the comfort of our homes. Internet Archive have helped us get through covid it has significantly helped me mentally it would hurt so much if this website goes and don’t get the digital rights. I agree! I just believe that internet archive (which I’ve contributed about 1,000 items in just over two years) is online for the next 50 years! But I don’t know if all of those will apply. I’ll be 63 on Thursday, March 23. Everyone can look at what I did anytime! Way to go internet archive has helped me alottoo 100% YES! I support internet archive. It’s an awesome place where you can borrow any book available *for free*.. You can’t really find that anywhere else.. I really hope you get those rights. I wish to support Internet Archive I’m totally behind internet archive consider me in support. I can’t imagine the academic life without Internet Archive. It indeed has helped me a lot. Besides, there’s no reason to prevent people who are eager for knowledge from the access to knowledge. Yes I definitely agree. For a student like me, Internet Archive is a constant companion. In totally support of Internet Archive Digital Library (WITHOUT PREJUDICE UCC 1-308) The Internet Archive is an absolutely fantastic and essential resource for all! I am poor but I donated what i could spare in bitcoin. God speed. Internet archiver is my best friend right now.It helps me more than any of my friend no doubt. I wish all the best for internet archiver. does this mean that all things like the waybackmachine content will go down? Hello sir, I’m jatta Shankar from india and i am highly dependent for the book and materials on your website. By the way education is base of development of humanity then why to fight for this. WE WANT INTERNET ARCHIVE FULLY SUPPORT jattashankarr@gmail.com I support Internet.archive! I support Internet.archive, please keep it I’ve been donating for a while and ill continue to, its really nice having the option and I’ll stand by Internet Archives side. preservation is very important. very thankful digital