https://www.intgovforum.org/content/igf-2019-of-48-melani-reporting-and-analysi… >> JORGE CANCIO: Now the mic is apparently working. Welcome, everybody. Please come to the table. It's a very big room, and at the table, you have nicer cables, nicer connections. It's much more convenient for everyone, and we don't mind if you all keep on working through 90 percent on other stuff. Just pretend you are listening. And if you have something to say, of course, it's great if you intervene. So we will give you one minute more to come to the table, and then we will kickstart the meeting. Thank you. So we are Swiss so we have to be punctual. It's compulsory in our country. Otherwise, we get fined. My name is Jorge Cancio. I come from the Swiss Federal Office of Communications. And on the program, you will have seen, perhaps, in prior versions that this is the of column open forum, the Federal Office of Communications, Swiss. We are devoting open forum to specific issue, and we have great experts here. The issue is DNS abuse and misuse. So all the aspects which are tied to this issue and which have been discussed amongst other places, the internet corporation for names and numbers very recently, in Montreal, in Canada. Do you know internet is by definition multi stakeholder and interdependent. Interdependent might be a new terminology we are using more. It comes also in the title of DH of interdependence by the high level panel on digital corporation. So this means that the functioning of the internet of the DNS depends on all the players in the system. And one core part of this system is, let's say, at least for us who are not technicians, who are not really people who have a good education as lawyers or social scientists, it's like the digital phonebook. The DNS or the domain name system, which translates domain names into IP numbers. So if a malicious attacker can manipulate or tamper with this phonebook, we may end up in completely different places than we expected, and those places might be there to prepare an attack against us. And we will see the different kinds of attacks which are possible. In iCann, we've seen different statements, different discussions. I will not go into the details of it, but even iCann, the organization, had interesting statement in February this year, so it's already 9 months away, where they observed an increase of attacks on the DNS. So we call those attacks often DNS abuse attacks, but as we will see here, the many different kinds of attacks that fall into this category, there are also others which go beyond specifically the DNS, so it's good to be as precise as possible to define the different types of attacks we are talking about because the way of remediating those attacks will vary. It will be different, and the measures taken to protect the users or to protect the DNS might vary. So we have two long‑time experts from different parts of the world that will help us, hopefully me also, to better understand what DNS abuse can be and what can be done to preserve the DNS as a core infrastructure, as part of that public core of the internet, where supposed growing international consensus is emerging, that we have to protect it from being tampered with. Our first speaker is Cristine Hoepers. I hope I pronounced that modestly correctly. The general manager from CERT.br, so from our colleagues. And our second speaker then is Michael Hausding, lead DNS and domain abuse expert at the Swiss network information center which is run by Switch, which is our CCTLE in Switzerland, our country called top level domain. So without further introduction, I give the floor to Cristine. Please go ahead. Thank you. >> CRISTINE HOEPERS: Thank you very much. I would like first of all to thank the Swiss government and everyone involved to create this open forum. As we are talking here about DNS in a more technical way, I have some slides. I don't know if they can ‑‑ oh, okay, it's there. So we were kind of debating if we were usi